 Hey, class, welcome to lecture. It's been a while since we've had our actual proper lectures. So this is a bit of our recap. Last time we talked about iterators, iterables, and iterations. And based on that, we learned about comprehensions. And what comprehensions were were a very concise way for us to create a new list based off of an existing list, or dictionary, in that matter. And today, we're going to continue that line of thinking with generators. So what are generators? Generators are just a special kind of iterator. And similar to comprehensions, they operate over a sequence of objects or iterables. The key difference is that generators use a yield statement to return the next element in a sequence. And for now, let's actually forget about generators and yield statements and all those things. Let's look at something we're familiar with. Let's focus on ranges for a little bit. So the reason that ranges are awesome is because they allow us to generate numbers. But they do so in a way that saves on memory. It's easy to read in order to create them. And they provide all the advantages of being an iterable, but at the same time, providing these benefits. So as a bit of a reminder, this is what a range looks like. You have the range looks like a function call. You give it a number. And then that'll create an object that can generate 1,000 numbers for you without actually taking up the memory of 1,000 objects. So let's check out the code and compare ranges with a list, for instance. So here's a range, just like we had in slide. And we want to generate a range of 1,000 numbers. And then here, I'm going to use that range to generate the actual numbers for a list. So I'm saying that for my range of 1,000 numbers, for each value that I get, I want to save that value into a list. So this is our list comprehension that we're going to generate 1,000 numbers from our range object. Now, both of these things, the range and a list, will have 1,000 numbers in it. But they're going to store them differently. So for the range, let me just run this. It'll make it a bit clearer. OK, so when I print out my range, for instance, this range is just an object range that has a start value of 0 and an end value of 1,000. So all I'm trying to show you is that when you create a range object, it doesn't actually instantiate 1,000 numbers. It's just an object that has a start and end value. And some logic within it that knows how to generate these numbers. So compare that to this list. So for this list, it actually did generate 1,000 numbers. So if I scroll all the way to the right, you'll see that it actually did generate 1,000 numbers. And that could be what we want. We might actually want to generate 1,000 numbers. But maybe we don't want that. Maybe we want to have the ability to iterate over 1,000 numbers. But we don't actually save these 1,000 numbers in memory. So let's compare the size and memory that both of these types take. So the range object only took 24 bytes in memory. So that's what this code is saying. It just tells us how much memory does this object take. So the range only takes up 24 bytes in memory. Whereas the list itself takes up 4,508 bytes. So you can see that the range or using a range is much more efficient way for us to store or save 1,000 numbers than compare to the list. So that's the benefit of a range. And the reason I wanted to show that to you is because this gives us a good idea of what a generated does. It does something very, very similar to ranges in the sense that it's an object that allows to generate values without actually storing those numbers or values in memory. So ranges aren't exactly like generators, but the concept is the same. Generators are just a special construct. In other words, it's a special type of iterator that iterates over a sequence while saving memory. So it doesn't take up all the memory as all the values that you see. You can kind of think of generators as an object that iterates over a sequence. But instead of creating and storing every single element in the sequence in memory, it only has the code to logically generate the next object in a sequence one at a time. So let's look at how we create a generator. It's incredibly easy. And there's a few ways that we can do it. I'll show you the way we do it in a function first. So how do we create a generator? All you have to do is add a yield statement into a function. Now this looks a little bit weird, but the thing is as soon as you add a yield statement into a function, that function is now considered a generator. So let's check out this code. We have a regular function called my function. And then in there, I'm just writing regular code. I'm just saying n equals zero. And then maybe I want this function to do something with the value n and then it returns it. So here I have some code that maybe multiplies it by two or something. And then I have my yield statement. So think of this yield statement as a return statement, except not only does it return the value of n at this point, but it'll also pause the execution. So what I mean by pausing execution is, it means that the next time I call this function, instead of the function starting from the beginning and then going to the end, it's going to resume execution from the next line below. So it's going to resume execution here. And then keep writing until it hits the next yield statement and then it's going to continue executing until the end of the function. So you can kind of think of yield as a return statement that pauses you at this line. And the next time you call the function, the code will resume on the line after the yield to the next yield or to the end of the function. So let me just show you visually what that looks like. So here on the left side, here is what a normal function flow looks like. When you call a function, you begin at the top of your code and it just runs all the way down to the end of the code and it finishes. Compare that to generators. So this is our diagram for generators. It looks just like a function. The code will begin at the top right here. It'll execute all the code until it hits a yield statement. Once we hit a yield statement, it's going to return whatever value is on that yield statement and then exit the function to wherever it was calling it. The next time we call the generator, we're going to actually go back into that same function, but instead of starting from the top of the function up here, we're going to start from wherever we left off. So we're going to start here and then continue executing code until the next yield statement. We go back out to whatever is calling us. And then if we call the function again, same idea, we go back to where our yield statement ended and then we continue on to the finish the function. So a yield statement is just a special statement, kind of like a return statement, but instead of returning from a method, it returns the value and it remembers where you were in the method. And the next time the method is called, it resumes the execution by executing the line after the yield statement. So effectively, you're temporarily yielding the flow of control back to whatever object or code was initially calling your method. So the thing is that whenever Python sees a generator method with a yield statement, it wraps up that function or method into an object. And the object that it creates behaves very similarly to an iterator. So that every time we call the next function on that generated object, it's going to call the generator and the generating method and it's going to execute. And all this happens behind the scenes. And then once again, every time you call the next on that generated object, it's going to continue from the next instruction after the last yield statement. So I know this probably sounds a bit confusing, but let's look at some code and it'll become much clearer. So let's look at our generator example code. OK, so let me explain what's happening here. I have a generate numbers function. I'm very poorly named because I don't think I actually generate a number. But anyways, I had this generate numbers function. And all I'm doing is I'm just setting N is equal to 1. And then I have a print statement. And it just prints out this printed first. Then I have my first yield. So in this case, I'm just yielding and then returning a new line character there. And then here, I'm just incrementing my N variable. I don't even really use it. And then I print out this is printed second. I do another yield that returns another new line, add another to 1, I print again. This is printed at last. And then I yield once more. So let me just comment out this second part of the code first. So this is how I create my generator function. So first, I have to create a regular function. And I have to have at least one yield a statement. So at that point, for me to create a generator from this generator function, all I have to do is I call my function, just as a regular would. I call it with the name of my function with the parentheses. And then I assign this whole function into a variable called gen. This is my generator object. So then after that point, I want to execute the code in my generator function in here. So to do that, I treat this generator variable or object just like it was an iterator. So whenever we are dealing with iterators, if you want to get the next value in my iterator, I call the next function. So next is a built in function in Python that we always use for iterators. So I call next on my generator variable. What that's going to do is when I call this code, it's going to execute from the top of my function. Exit this one, this line, and then this line. And then it's going to pause. So it's going to pause literally on line 16. So line 16 here, it's going to pause here. And it's going to pause and return the new line character back out to this line of code. Or I should say back out here. The next time I call my generator function on this line, it's going to resume execution on the line after my yield right here. So it's going to resume execution on line 17 instead of up here like a regular function. So it's going to resume on line 17, execute all this code until it sees the next yield statement. And then it's going to return the new line out. So we finished this one. And then finally, when we call the generator, the next time, it's going to resume execution on line 21, execute all this code, and then yield once again. So if we run the code right now, we should be able to see this in action. So I just ran my generator. And it's kind of hard to see, unfortunately. Let me see if I can enter debug mode and do this one at a time. So debug mode. OK, so I hit my first print statement. And then if I go to my console, nothing is printed out yet, which is fine. So let's step over. And so what's happened is that when I stepped over, I executed my first print statement. And you can see that after I've executed my first print statement, it has printed out this first part of the generator. This is printed first right here. And then the next time, currently on line 28, I haven't executed yet. So if I step over it again, notice that it printed out. This is printed second. So it printed out this second part of the generator. And then if I do it one more time like that, then it prints out this is printed last. So notice that every time to the loop, it behaves differently from a regular function because it doesn't execute all this code every time I call that function. All right, so let's go back to the slides. So hopefully that gives you a better look in terms of how generators work. But I'll definitely show you more examples. So if we think back to a long time ago, I give you this example where hopefully there's a useful case that we can use list comprehension. And the specific problem I had was I had this log file. And I wanted to go through every single line of this log file and only print out the lines that had the word warning in it. So that was that activity. And I showed you the example of how we can fix this or complete this example with list comprehension. So in this case, I want to show you how we can do the exact same thing, but with generators instead. What I really want to emphasize in this code is how much less code you have to write if we use generators versus irregular class. So let's look at the class version first. I want to solve the problem of filtering out this log file using a class. So let's check that out first. Here I have my class log file warning filter and it takes in a file object. And then my intention is that I want this class to behave like an iterator. So I can call this log file warning object, call next on it. And every time I call next, it'll give me the next warning in the log file. So to do that, I pass in the file object. And then I override the iter protocol that returns self because this thing itself is going to be the iterator. And then iterators also must have a next method. So it'll get this idea, as this will get the next warning in my file. So to do that, first, I'm going to read one line of my file. And then while we haven't reached a line that has the warning text in it, it's going to keep reading the next line in the log file. If that line is not the end of our, I guess, our file, then we're going to read that line and it's going to be a warning. So if we reach the end of our document and we have not found a warning anymore, then we raise a stop iteration exception. That'll help us stop. Otherwise, this line is going to be a warning line. OK, so then in my main, this is how I'm going to call my class. So we use the width open log file. We're opening it in a reading mode with the encoding UTF8. And we're saving our file object into this variable name log file. So we pass that log file into our iterator. And then we're saving that into our filter variable. So then what I'm going to do is first, here, this is just for our demonstration purposes to show what type of object our filter is. So I'm going to print out the type of a filter. And then I'm going to access my filter, like it's an iterator. So what we return is that for every warning line in my iterator object, I'm going to print out that warning line. So if I run this one, we see that when we print out the type of object my filter is, we see that my type of object is my custom log file warning filter iterator object. And then here, just a step through how this works. When we call for warning line in filter, what that does is this calls filter. And it calls the iter function on filter. Because whenever we have a for loop on an iterator, it must call this one. So it returns itself as the iterator. And then implicitly, what's going to happen is it's going to call the next function in my iterator. So this line implicitly will then call the next function. So when we call the next function in the iterator, it goes to here. And then it does all this code to find the first time that it sees a warning line. So it's going to execute this one. It goes to the while loop. And it skips over every line that does not have a warning. And then once it finds a warning line, it's going to return that warning line. And so the for loop will keep iterating through this code until it reaches a stop iteration exception. At that point, it's going to end. So in our printouts, we see we properly print out all the warning messages there. So hopefully, just me explaining this shows that it's a very long process to solve this problem of getting all the warning text messages from here using an iterator approach or a class approach. Now let's compare this to if we were to use a generator instead. So let's check out our generator first. So here is our generator method or a function in this case. So we have a warning filter generator function. It takes in a file object, similarly to how our iterator takes in a file object. And then all we have is a single or three lines here. So we're seeing that for every line in my file object, if this warning string exists in the line, then we're going to yield that line. So we're going to return that line. So we're going to return that line. And we're going to pause on line 19 here. And the next time that this warning filter function is called, or this warning filter generator is called, it's going to then go to this statement again. It's going to go to the next iteration of the for loop. So every time this generator is called, another iteration of this for loop is called until we reach the end. And that's it. So compare this function, this generator function, to this giant iterator class. So then if we go back to main, the way that we call it, it looks very similar to how we can instantiate our iterator. So we're just going to call our warning filter generator function, pass in the log file. And then we save that whole generator into our filter variable name. And notice here, I haven't even changed any code. This is the same code that we had before. So let's try to run this. And just to show that this is actually is a different type. When we print out the type of our filter object, it shows up as a generator. So Python knows that our function is a generator. So that's why it's of the class generator type. And then we, luckily, we still get the same result as we did before, or properly printing out all of our warning messages.