 All right, so we've seen a whole bunch of different class related concepts. So now let's bring it all together with this cat.py example. We're going to go over class declarations, instantiations of our class variables, initializer, instantiation methods, both static and class methods, and the underscore, the single underscore for private variables, and the dunder, which is a double underscore. So let's check that out. So let's open up our cat Python file. So this is just, it's pretty well commented. So hopefully if you go over it yourself, it's pretty clear. But let's just start from the top. So we have our class cat. And first of all, right here, this is our class variable. We know it's a class variable because we're declaring a variable inside of class, but it's not inside of a method. So it's just kind of floating around outside of methods, but inside of the scope of our class. And we initially set the lives of our cat to nine. Then we have our initializer. So initializers are the special built in methods that we want to override in our code to pretty much construct our object. So every method in a class has to begin with self. So we have self and then the name, age, and favorite food for our cat. So then here, I'm setting the age, name, and favorite food to my parameters or my member variables. So here, I'm both declaring a new underscore age member variable and also assigning the value here. So just as a reminder, in Java, you'd probably do something like this to declare a member variable in your class. We don't do that in Python. Instead, we do that directly in our initializer. So this will declare the underscore age and this underscore age is available within the scope of any of these methods in your class. What we're also doing here is we also are declaring a num lives member variable. And we're assigning it to our class variable. So notice here, we're calling the cat class and we're assigning the lives to it. So it's like we're initializing our the number of lives for an object or an instance of a cat to the class variable. So then we're doing a few things. We're just have a scratch and pet method. It just returns this formatted string. And then we're we're now looking at the rep are and the string methods. So again, these are the built in special methods in all of our classes and we're just overwriting them. And the rep are method is a way for us to return a string. But it's formatted in a way where it's really, really kind of bare bones and to the point. So we're literally just saying the variable name is has a value of this, the variable age has the value of this and just listing them as is. And this is because the purpose of rep are is just to give the raw information out to the programmer. Whereas the string version is a little bit more user friendly formatted version. So you see it's there's a few more words and explains all the different properties much more nicely. But the contents of the name age, food, perhaps, and number of lives is the same. So we're doing a little bit more formatting here where we're just kind of setting the food, perhaps, and casting it into a string. And then here we're getting the lives of, let's see, lives. I'm getting it from, oh yeah, I just happen to be getting it from the class, class variable. But that's not necessary. You can, I can get this from num lives as well. So if I replace it with num lives, that would work as well. Okay. So then we have a celebrate birthday method that just increments age by one. So this is just showing you that you can definitely access any variables you declare in your initializer in another method. Then we have set lives. I forgot why I commented this one out. Let me just see why maybe I wasn't working CLS lives equals to num lives. Let me just see. Oh, okay. Yes, I commented this out to show you that this is a class method. And the whole purpose of class methods is you need to have CLS here. So because CLS didn't exist before, it was giving me an error. So again, the point of a class method is you do want to access your class variables at some point. So I had to read the CLS here so that I can access it here and assign num lives to it. And then down here for my static method, the whole point of this is that I want to be able to call a function. And I don't want to access any of the member variables at all. So here I'm just getting a list of celebrity cat names and then returning them back out. So then let's bring it all together. So here in my main, I'm creating an instance of my cat, which is Tobias, age three, and they like sushi and raw fish. Then I saved the instance of that cat into the bias variable. So then here I just call a scratch and pet function. I think that just prints out something. So scratch and pet right here. Yeah, just prints out that they're purring that this cat is purring. So let me just run this. It'll probably be a little clearer. So yeah, Tobias purrs. So then I print out only Tobias. So when I print Tobias, what this does is when I call print on the instance itself, this will automatically look at all of my code and realize that I have an overloaded or overridden string method. So this will call this code right here. That's why we see my name is Tobias and I'm three years old. And I love eating sushi and raw fish. So then that was the print Tobias. And if I explicitly print this one, so print RepR Tobias, then it's going to print out the more kind of straight to the point RepR version. So if I scroll up, this one will explicitly call the RepR version, which is this one right here, and it prints out whatever this return statement is. And we can also force it to also directly print out the string version. So we've already seen that in that if the string version exists, it's going to be the same output as this one. So this one printed out all this stuff. And then when I call this one, it once again prints out all this stuff right here. I have nine lines remaining. Okay, so then down here, I'm just printing out a few different things. First of all, I am printing out how many lives Tobias has. And the thing is when I call Tobias.lives, this one, this is actually accessing my class variable. So that lives is directly accessing this lives right here. And then when I print out the cat.lives, it's doing the same thing. Cat.lives is also accessing the the class variable. Nine lives. And then here I have a for loop that's just going to get my list of celebrity cats and then print them out. So we have a whole bunch of cat names here. And then it's just some final functions. Here I am printing out the type of Tobias. And we find out that Tobias is of the cat class type. And then here I'm creating a new cat called Furball, H5 candy, saving it into Furball, and then printing them out. So once again, this is just showing you that this new cat will automatically call the string method. When do you call print on it? And then just to show you one final thing, if I happen to not have a string method here, like that, if I comment it out, and I try to run the code again, then any calls to just directly printing Furball, it'll fall back to calling the rep r version of my class.