 Hey, class, welcome to lecture. Our main topic of today is multiple inheritance. We're going to learn how we're going to write multiple inheritance code in Python. Talk a lot about the risks when you do write this type of code. And talk a little bit about high level concepts in terms of how Python handles a lot of the issues when it comes to multiple inheritance and how we can write code to avoid these issues. But first, I wanted to just quickly go through the topics that we learned about last class. So we learned about ranges and slicing, finally talked about iterators and how we can write our own iterators in our own custom class using protocols. So we looked into detail about how to write size protocols, container protocols, and iterator protocols. And then down here, we learned about all the different ways that you can pass parameters into our functions. With the classic style, which is positional arguments, that's where you were the order in which you pass in your parameters matters. Then we learned that we can assign default values to our arguments. We also learned that in Python, there's a new way they can pass parameters into a function called named arguments. This is where we explicitly name each of the parameters that we pass into our functions. And when we do this, the order in which we pass in our parameters doesn't matter. And then finally, we learned about variable list arguments. This is where you have a little star symbol before your parameter or before your argument in the function. And that allows you to pass in any number of parameters into that single argument. And it does this by pretty much packing all of your data into a single list. I think it was a tuple actually. It packed it into a tuple. And then it uses that single tuple as the argument in your function. And then as part of that, the opposite of that is called unpacking. That's where we have a list to begin with. And then when we want to extract the data out of it, we add a star in front of the list. And that's unpacking. So I want to expand on this unpacking concept further today. And then we're going to learn about one final way of passing in parameters into functions called variable keyword arguments. So let's begin with unpacking. All right, so we've already learned about unpacking using the star or asterisk symbol. That that's where you have a list. You add a star in front of it. And that means that you're unpacking or extracting all the data outside of that list. And then it's automatically taking that extract data and passing it onto a function. So there's another form of this unpacking that happens implicitly, meaning you're not directly adding a star symbol anywhere to unpack. So let's check out some code to see what this looks like. So let's say that I'm writing code that looks like this where I have item one comma item two. So these are two variable names. And then I make that equal to in this two pull notation with the parentheses one comma two. And then after that, I print item one and item two. So what do you think this is going to print out? So if you try out the code yourself, you'll see that when you print out item one, it'll print out one. And when you print item two, it's going to print out two. And what happened here was that this two pull was dynamically unpacked. So the value of one is assigned to this first item here. And the value of two was automatically assigned to this item two here. And the reason this happened is because we happen to write our variables in this specific notation where we had a variable, the first variable here separated by comma and another variable. And then Python automatically determines that, okay, when you write it in that format, then we're just going to assign these values and also that format. So you have a value comma value. So that's how it knows that automatically unpack this two pull into each of these elements over here. Let's look at another example. So in this case, we're going to be unpacking a dictionary. So in this dictionary called default character data, we know it's a dictionary because we have the curly braces at the beginning and end. And as a reminder, dictionaries have keys and pairs. A keys and values in pairs. So all the values on the left side of the colon are our keys. So name, level, max, level, weapon, and gender. These are all our keys and we have the values on the right side. And how we read this is that this set is a pair. So we have the key name that is connected or paired up with the value untitled. So we generate our dictionary up here. And then we have this for loop down here. And all we're saying is we have a regular for loop keyword. And then here's our unpacking code on the spot. So we have a key, which is a new variable that we're creating on the spot. Then we have a comma and then an item. And then in this dictionary, so default character's a dictionary, we're going to call the dot items function. So just as a reminder, when you call the dot items function on our dictionary, that's going to grab each element of our dictionary one by one and then pass them on to this area over here. So it's effectively grabbing each pair, so it's grabbing name and entitled and then passing it over here. So then when we print this out, maybe you can guess what what the output would be. It looks like it's going to print out the key and then the value over here. So let's just look at what this looks like on the next slide. So this is the same code that we had before. But I'm just color coding it. So here when we call items, it's going to grab all the pairs in our dictionary and it's going to grab them one by one every time through the loop. So the first time through the loop, it's going to grab name and entitled and then it's going to automatically unpack that pair into each of these variables. So name gets passed into a key and then untitled, which is the value, gets passed onto the item. And that's how you have implicit unpacking in Python.