 The final solid principle is a dependency inversion principle. And this is pretty much a combined effect of some of the previous principles, specifically the open closed principle and the list of substitution principle. But let's look at a bit of review before we get into the main problem. So we went through this example earlier during the review section of today's lecture, but I wanted to introduce another concept to you. And that is high level and low level modules. So as a reminder, in this case, we have a system or we have a UI that wants to be able to access a text file. And then in this text file class, we can read, write, or search from only text files. In this case, we consider the UI to be what we call a high level module. And high level modules are ones that contain complex logic. And they're made up of small chunks of simpler code. Whereas a low level module is a class that encapsulates some simple atomic behaviors, such as writing and reading from a file or displaying an image. And generally, we try to compose our code so that high level modules are coupled with coupled or dependent on low level modules. So in other words, you can kind of think of the high level modules as a manager. It tells individual components what to do. Whereas the low level modules are the actual workers that do the small atomic low level activities. However, we mentioned this earlier already. This is not very good design because this high level UI module is highly dependent on this one very specific text file class. And if we wanted to change or replace this specific low level module, we're going to have to go back and probably change the complicated code in the high level module. So we saw this earlier, but the way that we try to solve this is what we call is we inverse the dependencies. And hopefully you see the diagram is already quite a bit different. So in the previous example, our UI was dependent directly on the concrete text file class. But instead, we're going to invert the dependencies, meaning that the UI high level module is going to be dependent on this new abstract layer. So data source is our abstract class. And it's going to act as the interface for our text file down here. So our data source has these new four methods. And the text file is going to implement these methods in its own unique way to read from text files. So once again, the UI is now instead of directly relying on the text file with an arrow down here, the UI now is going to rely on this abstract layer called data source. But not only that, the text file itself is also going to be in a way relying on the data source because it's extending the behavior from our data source. It has to implement these methods. So we can see that this text file is now also dependent on this abstract data source instead. So we've inverted the dependencies. So we've made both our high level and low level modules depend on the abstraction instead. And what this allows us to do is we can now switch out either side. So we can swap out the UI with something else. Let's say we create a new, amazing, better UI. We can completely remove this old UI and then plug in a new one. And we won't have to change any of this code. Same idea for down here. Let's say we change our text file implementation. We have some new, improved text file. We can completely swap this out. And it won't change any of the code over here. And also just keep in mind that because this is everything's depending on the data source, that this data source itself has no dependencies. So this data source doesn't depend on UI. And this data source also doesn't depend on the text file, which is a good thing. And as you've already mentioned, everyone has seen this diagram multiple times. But one of the main benefits of this is that not only can you can swap out this text file with another class and not affect anything, but you can extend behavior. So here we're adding the SQL light and JSON files. So now this whole system together can now access JSON files and SQL light. And you don't have to change any code in the UI or the data source. So we can easily add additional functionality to the system by adding new the ability to read right from new data sources down here. And it won't change any of this code up here. So yeah, we can definitely see the building blocks that are the list of substitution principle, meaning that we can substitute in our code any functions that that refer to data source. We can substitute that with SQL light text file and JSON file. And it should just work. And then the open closed principles also happening here, because once we created this data source, it is now closed modification and we can extend functionality by adding new subclasses. So just a bit of summary on this next slide, we're just saying the great thing about the dependency inversion principle is number one, high level modules should not depend on low level modules. And we've seen that because in here the UI doesn't have an arrow pointing to these ones anymore. But and at the same time, these low level classes, low level modules depend on the abstraction. So back to this, but review high level modules should not depend on low level modules. Both should depend on abstractions. So we've seen that both the high level and low level have arrows pointing to the abstraction. And at the same time, abstraction should not depend on details, meaning that the abstraction should not have an arrow pointing to the subclass. Instead, the details should depend on abstractions. And what we mean by that one is just that these low level modules or details depend on the abstraction here. Instead of the other way around. And so we call classes that implement details concrete classes. So our SQL light text file or what we call concrete classes. So in the example we saw, the data source is our abstract class or interface. And the UI and text file classes are the concrete classes. And the abstract classes to clear our interface, as we saw in the previous slide. And then the concrete classes are the ones that actually contain the code to implement the details of the interface. But this is kind of the the whole definition of what it interfaces. So abstract classes right here, they state what interface needs to be implemented. So retrieve update search delete. These are the functions that have to be implemented. And then the actual details and code to implement them are done in the concrete classes down here. All right, so let's bring this back out to maybe a different example. So let's say we're creating a character creation UI in a game. And in this character creation UI, the player has the ability to create their character so that when they click the create button, it gets saved to a file. And this little exercise is like apply everything that you learn so far. To fix this specific terrible design. So in this case, we have some game class that represents the whole game itself. And then that game class is going to interact with this character UI that has the ability to show, let's say, this screen to the player, but also create the object. And then after that, it has the ability to save that object to some file, let's say. And hopefully right away, you see that there's a bunch of issues happening. First thing I'm identifying is that this character creation UI is highly coupled to save all writer. So should this class, for instance, be inside of character creation, like should we have this dependency? Maybe not. Maybe the character UI should not have a dependency on here. Maybe that should be somewhere else. Another issue I'm seeing is character creation UI might have too much responsibility as part of it. So it has a responsibility of not only showing this image, but it also has a responsibility of the logic to actually create the character object and then pass it on to something else. So you can pause this video for a second to think about it, but let me show you the solution next. So here's my solution. I'm not saying it's the ultimate solution that will fix everything, but maybe one version of it. So here we've separated out our character creation into multiple classes. So we still have our game class, but the character creation UI is only responsible for a single thing. It's only responsible to showing that you UI to the player. It's not focused on actually creating the character itself. That responsibility is shifted over to a new class called character creator. So that's going to take the data that we get from here and then finally create, let's say a character object in it. Not only that, but notice that the saving and writing the responsibility of that is no longer the responsibility of this one. It's now switched over to this new character creator. So the character creator is going to pass over that character object data into the save writer. And then after that, maybe the save writer itself has multiple ways of saving the character. Maybe it can save the character onto your local hard drive, or it can also save that character data to the cloud. So just let's go over these red dots. So you've already mentioned that this is indicating that the character creation UI has a single responsibility, and that's to show the UI to the player and get their input. The second part is also the single responsibility principle. This is saying that after we get that the numeric data of a character from the UI, this part's responsibility is to then pass that data into this class to create our character object. And then down here, this is the dependency inversion principle in action. So we saw here that our character creator is not directly depending on the save file writer to save the hard drive, and the character creator is not directly depending on the cloud save writer to save to the cloud. Instead, the character creator is dependent on this abstract save writer class. At the same time, each of these concrete save writer file classes is dependent on the subtraction to figure out what kind of interface we need to build. So that's where the dependency inversion is happening.