 Python has a very specific way that we write our code. And this next section will introduce you to Pep8. And Pep8 is just a style guide to write Python code. And it's pretty much the standard accepted way for writing your code. And at some point, everyone here should read this link. There's a lot of different rules, but eventually, it'll become second nature to you. And in fact, some of you are probably already writing your code in this way. And another website that summarizes the Pep8 guidelines is this site right here. And the question is, why does this matter? So the reason this matters is because it provides us with consistency, readability, parsing, efficient, and ease while coding, and collaboration. So pretty much what all this means is that if we write all of our Python code in the same way, then it makes it really easy for us to read each other's code. And it just helps us for the understand what we're trying to write and get a point across. So I'll go through some examples. It's a huge list. So I won't go through everything. But all this really boils down to is that when we write our code, so all of our functions, variables, classes, methods, constants, modules, and packages, they should all follow some kind of format in the way we write it. If we don't write it in this format, it won't cause any coding problems, like there won't be compiler errors. But it'll make it harder for us to read each other's code. And by us writing all of our code the same way, it just makes it easier to read. So for instance, when we write our functions, here's the naming conventions that we should use. So we should use lowercase for our word or words. And if our words have to be separated, we should separate them with an underscore. So meaning if we have a single word for our function, then it should start with lowercase f, in this case for function. If our function has multiple words in it, and we have to have a space, instead of a space, we have to have a underscore to connect our words. So we have two words here, my underscore function, for the second word. So variables are very similar in this case to functions. We should have lowercase single letter for words, and then if there's a multiple words, we should separate them with an underscore. Next is classes. When we write classes, we want to start our words with a capital letter. So here, if we have a model as a name of our class, we should start it with a capital M. And then if we have multiple words, here's where we differ. Instead of having an underscore, our classes will instead use camel case. So camel case just means that every new word in our class name will start with a new capital letter. So my is our first word, and then class is our second word. So class begins with C. So methods, which are just functions in our classes, they will follow the same rule as functions. So lowercase words, and then if you have multiple words, you have underscore. When you're dealing with constants, then all of the letters and words in our constants will be capital. So notice that constants all have capitals, and if you have multiple words, you have underscore between your words. In terms of the naming of our modules or files or Python files, we should use lowercase and also underscore us between the words. And then finally, for packages, this is when you're importing big packages from outside sources, these should use lowercase and not have any underscore or camel case to separate different words. So this is just a quick run through of some of the probably most common conventions you'll come across. But there's way more rules that I won't read right here just to save you some time. So I definitely highly recommend you check out the links that I provided on this slide right here.