 First of all, let's check out our bad pizza example. So the goal of this is I want to create a program that can create a pizza for us. So we have our pizza class and in our pizza class, notice we have this giant constructor. So this constructor has, so I don't know how many, I don't know how many count them, but probably seven or more parameters that we need. And then these parameters are passed into the actual member variables of my pizza object and they're all set all properly. So then imagine in my name, for me to actually create a pizza, I have to manually call and pass in seven different parameters for all these things to actually create a pizza. So hopefully you can see that with this approach, it's kind of messy and long to call this constructor to create my pizza object. So this is the bad approach because our constructor is huge. So let's go over to the build pattern. So the whole purpose of the build pattern is you want to simplify this. So instead of seeing the super long list from the client's perspective, we want to hide this. So the client doesn't see this big list. That requires a few things. So first of all, here is our builder sample code and it looks like it's a lot of code, but it's actually only because we're setting up a lot of enums. So first of all, I'm creating a bunch of enums for the types of things in my pizza. So I have a pizza that can have different base options, regular whole wheat cauliflower, pizza also enums for all the different toppings that can go into my pizza. I have different types of cheeses and sauces. So all these are just enums. Okay, so now we have our pizza object. This is the final product that we want to create. And then notice something a little bit different from our initializer. Now let's tell a small or initializer. It's just deaf in it and then no parameters. We always have to have self, but no parameters. So compare this one to what we had before. So I'm going to switch back to my bad pizza example over here and notice it's super long right there. So we did this on purpose. We purposely have an initializer where we cannot set the parameters to anything. And to notice that we set all of our default parameters to like none or M2 lists. Then we have a two-string function. That's just going to nicely put everything together to print out or return a nicely format to pizza. That's what all this code is doing. Okay, so then let's look at a builder. So if we pop back to our slide over here, we just saw our pizza, which is the product down here. The next step is you want to look at our builder. So this is the thing that's going to help us build our pizza. So in our pizza builder, the first thing we have in our knit is we have a reference to a default pizza. So we have a reference to the pizza that we initialize on the spot. As soon as we create a pizza builder, it creates a default pizza. Second thing it has is a reset function. So this allows us to reset whatever changes we make to a pizza into this new instance of a pizza, the blank pizza. And then we have our pizza property. This is equivalent to the get product function that we saw in the previous slide. So here we have a get result function here. This is our version of that. We just made it to property. So what this pizza property does is it's going to grab the pizza that we have so far assigned to a variable, reset the pizza that we have internally. So this pizza is reset, but this one over here, the completed pizza is prepared to whatever wants it. And then we have a whole bunch of functions that allows us to actually modify our pizza. So we have add topping functions, takes an enum, and what kind of pizza it is. If you want half a pizza, the whole pizza, or maybe part of it, be different kinds of toppings. So this is just appending to a list of all the toppings, depending what option we want. We can add cheeses. So in this case, we have pizza. Our pizza object, we have our cheese list, and we're just appending the different kinds of cheeses to it. The reason it's one and two is because we're allowing it so that half a pizza can be one toppings or cheeses, and the other half can be another one. So these options are saying that if I want the whole pizza, zero means the whole pizza. If I want the whole pizza to be of this kind of cheese, then I want to set two of them to be this kind of cheese. And this is saying I want to set the first half of the pizza to be this kind of cheese, and the second half of the cheese, but the pizza to be this kind of cheese. So all these functions do the same thing. So again, for the sauces, make the whole pizza, both sides one sauce, the first half one sauce, the second half one sauce. And the base, this is just what kind of base pizza that we want, straight up setting it. We can also make it a Kelzone, just the Boolean. That's why. So that's all there is the pizza. So notice that first of all, just to kind of sum up what's happening in the pizza function, or the pizza builder function, or a class sorry, is that the pizza builder class has a pizza, a default pizza, and it also has a whole bunch of functions that's going to modify the pizza directly. So instead of calling its constructor to do things, we construct a default pizza first, and then modify it afterwards. Then we have a menu. So you're probably wondering what the menu is. In this case, this is the director. So the director, you mentioned earlier, the purpose of this director is to hide the complexity of calling all these separate builder functions from our eventual client up here. So if you think of a restaurant, if you look at a menu, we don't care how we create the pizza, or how they create the pizza behind the scenes in the kitchen, we just say I want a pepperoni pizza with cheats. And then, so that's what we see here. We just see in a restaurant, I want a pepperoni pizza with cheese, and then behind the scenes, they actually do the work to call the builder to do things. So that's what this director is going to do. So this is our director. So if I ask comments, this is our director. We're just calling a menu. So in this case, the first thing we need in the menu is we actually have to instantiate the builder because every director has to have a direct access to a builder. So instantiate the builder. And then we have a whole bunch of kind of more easy to access functions. So if we want to, let's say create a cheese pizza, then we just call this one function, cheese pizza, and then pass it a parameter that says, do we want the whole pizza, half the pizza, or the second half the pizza to be cheese? And then it's kind of like the facade pattern where this function calls a whole bunch of other functions within my builder to create a cheese pizza. So notice that to create a cheese pizza, it's adding tomato sauce, and it's adding cheese to both the sides of the pizza. In the option to prepare create a pepperoni pizza, it creates tomato sauce, and it's the mozzarella, and tells the builder to create a pepperoni. And for vegan pizza, and to all these other steps, it creates a vegan pizza. Or if you want to half and half pizza, then we're doing something a little bit interesting here where we tell the builder to create a base. And then to explain what's happening here, this is actually telling us to use the function that we pass in here to execute this order. So pizza order one, I'm gonna pass in the function. And then the function that I pass in, I'm gonna use this parameter one. And then same idea over here, I'm gonna pass in the function, and then for that function, I'm gonna pass in the parameter right here. And then after that, we return whatever pizza we create. And finally, if there's a single pizza, then again, we're gonna add a base, and then call some pizza order. So whatever function I pass in here, I'm just gonna call that function blindly here, and then we return the pizza. So that's it from the menu slash director. And then so let's look at our main and see how we create the pizza. So here's our main, and let's look at how we create it with the director first. So all of that complexity that we just saw earlier is now completely hidden and simplified to this single line right here. So first of all, we instantiate our director or menu. So then from that menu, I'm just gonna call this function called order half, pizza, which means create a pizza, that is half cheese and half pepperoni, let's say. So for this function, it takes in three parameters. First is what kind of base pizza I want. So I'm seeing I wanna create a regular pizza. And then for the first half of the pizza, I want it to create a cheese pizza. And then for the second half of the pizza, I wanna create a pepperoni pizza. And how this works, and maybe the notation's kinda weird, is it's saying that I wanna pass in this function prepare cheese pizza into this function. And for the function I pass in, I wanna use that to create my first half of my pizza. So if you just look at this menu prepare cheese pizza, this function is passed into this half, half pizza function. Let's go up to there. So I write this in comments. So menu prepare cheese pizza, that function is passed into here pizza order, which in turn is passed into this one. So it's almost like I replaced it to be like that. Instead prepare cheese pizza. And then for this pizza order too, I think I called pepperoni pizza. So because I'm passing in as pepperoni, I think it's prepared, pepperoni, I passed a pair of pepperoni into here, and this is changed to prepare pizza. So that's effectively what we're doing here. But by using these parameters, it's making it much more dynamic. We're doing this way, it's more dynamic. Because we can pass in any kind of pizza type into these parameters and it'll just work. Yeah, so if I run this code, you can see that we have successfully created a pizza with a regular base right here. And for cheese pizza, by default it has tomato, and then for the pepperoni pizza, and this one also has tomato. And for the toppings for the cheese pizza, there's no toppings on it because it's purely cheese. And then for the pepperoni pizza, half of it, we do have pepperoni. And then because the first half of it right here, it's purely cheese, it has double the amount of cheese. And then for the pepperoni pizza, by default it has just the mozzarella cheese. So yeah, that's how you use the director to create our pizza. So this approach, if I go back to the diagram in the slides, this is using our director to call our builder to do something. And the second approach I mentioned earlier, is you can actually have your client directly call the builder itself. That's perfectly valid. And that's why there's a bunch of code up here that's commented out. So this, all this code, is if we called our pizza builder directly to create our pizza. And notice that there's nothing wrong with this approach, but you see that if you have a complicated object, you have a lot of code in your main. So the only reason you don't wanna do this is if you wanna avoid having all this code. But this is perfectly valid way to do it as well. So instead of using our director, we're using our pizza builder directly instead to create our pizza. So we're telling our builder to create a cauliflower pizza, make it at Calzone, and then have all these different sauces, add these changes, and add toppings. And so if I run this one, then we've properly created our custom pizza. So I guess the, in terms of like the advantage and disadvantage is if you call your builder directly, then you have more control and customization of what exactly you wanna create. The downside is that it adds a lot of lines of code and you're exposing more data. Whereas if you use a director, which is this approach that's using a director, then you hide a lot of the complexity from the client, but you have less flexibility in the types of objects and you create. So that was the builder pattern. So when and why would we use it? Pretty much the main reason is if you wanna separate out the construction code from the actual components in your object. So when you wanna get rid of the ugly, kind of in-int methods, or you have hundreds of parameters in your constructor, then you would wanna use this. When a product is built out of many parts, and you wanna actually be able to kind of mix and match these parts and have different variations and you wanna avoid inheritance, that's another reason. And the third one is that we satisfy our single responsibility principle because now we separated out construction to be its own class. So it has a very specific responsibility to do construction code in the builder. And then the class can just focus on being a class and just have the components it needs to be to satisfy its role of being whatever it needs to be. But the disadvantages, I'm sure you can see already, is that by having a builder and a potentially a director, we're increasing the number of classes that we have to deal with. And it doesn't necessarily work well with all the types of products because we can't really break down products all the time.