 Our final topic of today is string formatting. And there are three easy ways to format your output in Python. The string format method, F strings, and the format specifier. If you find that you use the plus character to concatenate your strings together instead, then try to get in the habit of using these format specifiers or formatting your output in the, when one of these three ways were possible. Let's begin by looking at the string format method. The string format method inserts values into our strings. And how it knows what location to put it in is via the replacement fields. And these replacement fields are indicated by curly braces. So that might sound confusing, but let's look at the example and it'll make much more sense. So here we have the string that we want to insert some values into. So I earned curly braces 0, curly brace 1. And what this 0 and 1 is, is we're saying that I want to eventually replace this variable effectively, a variable at parameter 0 with something later on. And then here we're saying I want to replace this variable to parameter 1 with something later on. So to continue on with the syntax, we have our string with the dot notation. And then calling a format function. So in this format function, we then want to put the data that we eventually want to put into our string. So here we have 98.5. We can kind of think of this as index 0 or parameter 0 in that we're passing into our format function. So this 98.5, because it's at index 0, we placed into this one. And then architecture is that kind of parameter 1 or index 1 will then be put into this one location. So ultimately this will say I earned 98.5 in architecture. So hopefully that makes sense. And let's look at a few more examples. So there's a whole bunch of different ways that you can use this as well. So in this second example right here, we have I earned empty parentheses in empty parentheses. So in this case, we're not explicitly labeling 0 and 1. We're just saying that the first parameter that appears is going to be put here. And the second parameter that appears will be placed here. So 98.5 once again is put here. And the architecture is then placed into here. You can have more than two parameters as well. So in this longer string, we have I earned 0, 1, 0, 2. So this is showing that it doesn't have to be 0, 1, 2 in order like that. You can swap the locations. You can have these variables reappear and it's perfectly fine. So notice that this is 0 here, 1 and then back to 0 and then 2. So it's same idea though. So in this format function section, the kind of index 0, 65, the value 65 will be put at wherever we see the 0 value. So 0 gets replaced by 65, 0 over here gets replaced replaced by 65. And then the index 1 location, calm, is placed into here. And finally, the index 2 position, which is math, will be placed over here. Finally, let's say we don't want to use the 0, 1s and 0s, because it's kind of hard to keep track of the positioning of our parameters. So in that case, we can actually use a variable name instead. So here, we say I earned variable grade in variable course. And then in the format function call, we're going to specifically name our variables. So we say the grade variable is given a value of 65. And this grade variable name here matches the grade variable name here. And then for the course, that matches the course variable name here. So we're just saying calm is equal to the course here. So it's completely up to you, whichever is the clearest to you. But this is the string format method. So just as an example, try these different examples at yourself and see what values you get. The second way to format our strings is using F strings. And F strings are just string literals that are preceded by a lowercase F or a capital F. This is pretty similar to our raw strings that we saw earlier. And they're pretty much just strings that have curly braces. And these curly braces have a variable name inside that will eventually be replaced by their value. So this allows you to drop in variable names directly into the string and their values evaluated at runtime. So here we have two variables, grade and course, that are assigned some values. And then on this line is our F string. So notice we have the F character before our string. And then wherever we want to drop in our variables, we just wrap it around with the name of our variable. So notice that grade is wrapped around by the curly braces. And course variable is also wrapped around by the curly braces. So once this is evaluated at runtime, 98.5 is placed into here. And then the string C is placed into here. And then for this second example, name is equal to this long string right here, OOP2 with Python. And then we have our second F string. So in this case, our second F string has a capital F. So this is just to show you that you can use lower or uppercase F. And it doesn't really matter. So in this case, the F string here is saying that my favorite course so far is this variable. So we're pretty much just inserting our name variable, which is this string right here. And then calling the dot title function on it. So just as a reminder, the dot title function will capitalize every, I believe every character of every word in our string. So this OOP2 with Python will then be inserted into this spot right here. A bit of a side note is some more information about printing is that there's different versions of the print function. So we've already mentioned earlier that you can call the print function with single quotes or double quotes for strings. And just you know, in the back end by default, every time you call print, a new line is inserted for you automatically. But let's say you didn't want to have a new line inserted. In that case, you can call print with your string. And then when you have a comma that's saying that you're going to change the ending character. So body fault, the ending character is a new line. But in this case, we're saying we're going to change the ending character to just be an empty string. So in this case, the next time print is called, it'll be pretty much not on a new line, but on the same line as this one. Down here, we've shown you earlier that we can concatenate strings as well by using the plus character. In this case, we are just inserting a, I'm some age, years old. And we're using the escape sequence slash with a single quote, so we can have the apostrophe here. And then here we're making sure we're casting our integer string or integer age into a string. So then this final one is saying that instead of using the plus symbols to concatenate a string, we can have a comma instead. And this will just do something very similar but slightly different. But you can learn much more about that at this link. The final approach to string formatting is using conversion specifiers. So the whole goal of all of this is you want to insert our variables into our strings. This method uses a string formatting expression. And this allows a programmer to create a string with placeholder values. These placeholder values will eventually be replaced by the value of our variables. And these placeholder values are called conversion specifiers. And different conversion specifiers are required when you want to convert a specific variable to a different type when creating a string. So I know this sounds really complicated. And I'll show you some examples to make this much clearer. Let's say I'm writing a string. And ahead of time, I know that my string is going to require an integer to be inserted into it. In that case, I would use the percent D conversion specifier. And what this is saying is that in this string, I want to accept a value 17. And that 17 value will be interpreted as an integer. And syntactically, how we do that is we have our string here. We notice that it's surrounded by the single quotes. We have my percent D conversion specifier. Then we have another percent sign. This indicates that to the right of this will be my values. So then finally, we have this value 17. So when this print or when this code is executed, the output of this is my num 17. So hopefully you see that this 17 value is placed into this percent D slot. Let's look at some other examples. So here, in my string, all I have is percent F. And then my value is 3.14. So this is telling Python that I want to place this 3.14 value into this float conversion specifier. So the output is 3.14. Here name is going to be a string. So because it's a string, I should tell Python that this conversion specifier should be expecting a string as well. So that's why we use percent S because percent S is a conversion specifier needed for strings. So here's something a little different. So here I have my integer value 17. But I'm telling Python that I want to interpret that value as a hexadec mill value instead. So what I'm going to do is convert the 17 into hex. And in that case, it's the value 11. And in this final situation, we have the number 314. And we're going to tell Python that I want to interpret this into scientific notation, which is percent E. And the output of that is 3.14 in this scientific notation. So I want to go over a few more examples. Here I'm just getting some input from the keyboard, probably a number. And let's say I enter the number 100. And then for that number 100, I've converted into a float. So APR is the float value of 100. And in my string that's using conversion specifiers, I'm expecting that APR is going to be 100. And in my specifiers, I'm expecting that APR is going to be a float value. So for a float, I use percent F from my conversion specifier. And then I have a percent sign to indicate that the value after that is APR. So this line right here is what's outputted in that case. So annual percentage rate is a float as a float is 100.0000. The reason is so many zeros is because it's interpreted as a float. And if for some reason, let's say I wanted this to have a percent sign. So I want to say 100%. In that case, I just have to add two percentage signs after the conversion specifier. Just for formatting, that's why I need two percent signs. So when this is printed out, you'll see a single percentage sign that appears here. And so one more example to show you, you can have multiple conversion specifiers in a single string. Here I have two variables. Name is equal to a string here. And room is equal to 655, which is an integer. So then in my string, I'm expecting one string and one decimal value here. And then after that, I have my indicator that now I'm looking at my values. So then for my values, I have to enclose them in the parentheses. And then finally, I just place my values in order. So the first one is going to be my string, which is my name. That's going to be placed into here. And then for the room, which is my decimal number, it's going to be placed into percent D.