 So this approach of profiling a specific function is fairly straightforward. We have some custom profiling code that will profile whatever function we pass in as a parameter. Now I want to show you another approach. Let's say I don't want to do this. I want to make it even easier if we can possibly do that where I do something like this. Maybe I can just have some code where I call heavy function. And then if I want to profile my code, if I want to profile heavy function, then I can just tag it and say, profile me, and then it'll just profile heavy function if I call it like this. And if I don't want to profile my heavy function, then I will just delete this part and it won't profile heavy function. So that's our goal. And let's check out this profile code fragment too to see how we can do that. So conceptually, we're doing the same thing. We have a function here, heavy function, and heavy function too, that performs some operation that takes a lot of time. And my goal is I want to be able to call heavy function like this and have it do something. It'll just execute regularly. So I'm just going to run this code as is. And you see the heavy function is called, and then actually one second. Heavy function is called, and it just executes just like regular. So no profiling, it just regularly runs heavy function. And I want the ability to add a special tag to this so that if that tag exists, profiling will automatically be applied to it. So I'm going to add this tag. And by adding this tag, I want to be able to now add the ability to profile it. So I'm going to run it again. The only thing I've changed is I've added the tag. And when I run it again, it executes heavy function. But now it automatically adds the ability to also profile it at the same time. So this is our goal. And I want to explain how I managed to do this. So we've already seen that part of it is I have to add this special tag at my profiling code. And you're probably wondering what that is. And what that is, it's a decorator. So whenever you see an at, that means I'm using a Python decorator. And whenever you see the term decorator, it just means that I'm executing this code first in conjunction with this code. So this is kind of equivalent to me saying, I want to call the function my profiling code. So this matches this one. I want to call this function. And then I want to pass whatever I'm decorating as a function. So it's like I'm doing this. So this code by adding this decorator code, it's as if I wrote this code. I'm calling a function called my profiling code and I'm passing in the heavy function as an argument. So I'm just going to comment this out to kind of leave that concept there. And then what my profiling code is is very similar to what we wrote earlier. So if I scroll up, we have the my profiling code function. And it's very similar to what we had before. It's taking in a function. And then for that function, I want to begin my profiler, enable it. And then while it's enabled, it's going to profile whatever code I put here. And then I disable it when I want to stop profiling. And then after that, I want to print whatever I have to the screen. So most of this code probably looks identical to what we had before. The key difference now is that I'm wrapping all this code within an inner function. So notice here, we have an inner function that exists within this outer my profiling code. So this is called a nested function. And this is a required piece of code that I have to write to enable my decorator functionality. So to enable this decorator functionality, I must write my nested function code in this way. So I have to have a nested inner function inside of an outer function. And not only that, but I have to have a return call to this inner function at the very end of my outer function. I know it looks kind of weird, but that's just syntactically what you need to do to allow the decorator code to work. And then just by doing that, we now have the ability to decorate our functions with these tags. And then whenever we do tag a function, then we are implicitly performing this operation. And that allows me to kind of add on my profiling code whenever I tag something. So once again, if I don't have the tag and I run the code, then it's just going to execute the heavy function as if... There's no profiling, but then if I have the tag on the function, then it's going to run my heavy function and add on the ability to do the profiling. So I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit