 Hey, glass welcome to lecture. So we're going to start things off today by doing another recap about iterators, because it's really important for us to understand the concept of iterables and iterators before we get into comprehension, which is an entirely new concept. This is a way for us to look at an existing list of objects and filter them to create an entirely new list of objects in a really, really simple concise way. Then we're going to talk about function objects and how we can treat functions as objects and pass them around in code, and that itself will lead to our very first design pattern of the course, which is the observer design pattern. So let's begin by reviewing the concepts of iterators, iterating, and iterables. So generally, an iterable is the thing that you're trying to look over. So in this case, our list of numbers is what we call an iterable. So again, iterable is the thing that we're trying to look over. So our list. And when we have our list and we want to look over it, we want to get an iterator from it. So an iterator. And the way that we do that is we call the iter function on our list. So typically we say x dot iter, and that will return us an iterator. And the whole job of the iterator is it's an object that's going to very lazily go through every element of our iterable one element at a time. So the first time we call next on our iterator, it's going to return us one. So it's going to be pointing at one initially. And then the next time we call next on our iterator, it's going to point at two. And then three next time we call next. And then if we call next again at the very end, it should throw an exception at the end, which is perfectly normal. So in text, an iterator is responsible for traversing an iterable. So our list. And iterator's primary responsibility is to iterate or traverse over the elements of an iterable. And some examples of iterables are lists, dictionaries, tuples sets, any container or sequence that contains your data. And you can even create your own custom classes that can be iterable as well. So in this diagram, for instance, our sequence containers are lists, tuples, and strings. And then from that, these are considered iterable objects. And then you call the iter. function to get an iterator from it. So you can look over our object. And the general syntax of how we call our iterators is through the dunder methods. So for iterators, if you want to create your own iterator protocol type, you have to implement the dunder next method and also the dunder iter method. So the next allows us to get the next element in the iterable object that we're currently pointing at. And then the iter method returns our self as the iterator. And then as for the iterable, that's the list, for instance, it can implement the iterator or iterable protocol by implementing the dunder iter method. So in this case, generally, the iterable will return an iterator in this method. And I'll show you some code to make this a little bit more clear. So how do we implement these from scratch and Python? So we do it by implementing our iterator protocol. So let's say that we wanted to iterate over a bunch of words in a sentence. And then we're going to print out every word in our sentence with the first letter capitalized. How do we do that? We would probably have to implement an iterable class that contains the list of words in our string. And then we pass that on to an iterator class to iterate over the elements. So let's check out some code that does something similar to what we just talked about. All right, so here we have our code. And I'm going to do things a little bit differently. I think in this code, I'm going to be capitalizing everything in our strings. So I am reading from this string right here. So comp 3522 students are the best. And my goal is I want to capitalize all the characters or words in this in this list of words. And what I've done is I've created two classes. First is I've created a class called uppercase iterable. And that is right here. It's a very, very simple class. All it does is it's going to be a class that wraps around a string. So you see in the initializer, I take in the string, and then I assign it to myself dot string. And that's it. Next, I have the iterable dunder. So by implementing this iter method, it's I say that I have completed the iterable protocol. So notice that in here, all I'm doing is I'm returning an instance of this other class that I've created called uppercase iterator. So the purpose of this uppercase iterator is it's going to take in my string. And then it's going to look at every single word in my string. And then turn it into uppercase. So let's check out this iterator class, which is right here. So you can see that it takes in the string. And then for that string that it's given, it's going to split it up so that every single individual word is going to be saved in a list. So this list of words is literally a Python list that contains each of my words as a separate element. And then I'm going to do something fancy here, which is what we're going to learn today. But I'll just try to explain this right now. This is called a list comprehension. And what it does is I'm saying that for every element or every word in my list of words, I'm going to apply this function dot upper on every word. So for this word variable, that that is a variable that's going to save every word in my list. And then for every word, I'm going to call this upper function on it, which means it's going to turn it to the upper case. So this is built in a function in strings. And then so then notice I've wrapped this whole statement around in these square brackets. So I'm saying that for this list, I'm going to take every word and then convert it to uppercase and then save that into a list. So we effectively converted this list of words into an uppercase list of words. And then now I'm saving that into this self that words variable. And I'm also creating a index variable. So I can keep track of where my iterator is iterating over my list of words. All right. So I'm saying that this is a spian iterator, which means I have to implement two dunder methods. I have to implement the next dunder method. So I know how to get the next element in my list of words. And also it have to implement the dunder iter method. So the purpose of this one is that it's supposed to return an iterator whenever it's called. So because this class itself is the iterator, all I have to do is return self. Whereas next, that actually has to have some logic. So again, the purpose of this iterator class is it's supposed to go through every single element in this list of words. So I'm going to kind of iterate over every element using my index. So I'm saying that if the self index is equal to the length of my self that words, in other words, we reach the end of our list of words, then I'm going to raise a stop iteration exception. So this is perfectly normal. All iterators need to raise a stop iteration exception when they reach the end of whatever they're currently iterating over. So if we reach the end, then raise an iteration exception. Otherwise, let's get the next word in our list of words, increment our index, and then return the single word that we're currently looking at. So let's see. Let's check out how this looks like in main. So again, we create our uppercase iterable that passes a string to my class and then assign sentence to equal to the my uppercase iterable object. And then on this line, I'm saying that I want to get the iterator from my sentence objects. So iter is the built in Python get iterator function. So I'm saying that I want to get the iterator from my sentence object. So this code will directly call this code inside of my iterable class. And you see that all that does is it returns a new instance of the iterator class and then gives it back. So this sentence iterator is actually this class. Let's return it. So we get an iterator that's currently pointing to our list of words. So sentence iterator is pointing to my list of words, but capitalized. Okay, so now that we have our sentence iterator, we want to iterate over it. Let's actually print out all the words. So I'm showing you two different methods here. The classic way to do it, and we call the kind of long Java way, is like this. So we can have a while loop that says while there are still elements in our sentence iterator, then we're going to do the following. So we're going to do a try catch block. We're saying that we're going to print out whatever is in the next position of sentence iterator. So let's say I'm looking at this string right here. The very first time we call next sentence iterator is going to be pointing at comp 3522. The next time through the loop, and we call next sentence iterator again, it's going to point at students. And then the next time is called again, it goes through the next word. So you can see that the iterator will only produce each word once every time we call next. So this while loop will keep printing out every single word in my list of words until we hit the stop iteration exception. So if we look inside of our next function inside of our iterator, we will hit the stop iteration exception once we reach the of our list of words. So this stop iteration exception is raised. And then we hit this exception block, which will set our has elements equal to false. And that point, our while loop will hit false and will end and will successfully print out all the words. So let me just run this code and you'll see what the output. So you see that all the words in our list are capitalized. Now this is kind of long. Hopefully you see that this is one, two, three, four, five, six lines of code long. So this is not the very pathonic way of doing things. Instead, we should use this approach. This is our for loop approach. And all we're saying is that for every word that exists in our sentence iterator, let's just print out the word. And what this will do is this will automatically do a few things. One, this will automatically call the iter method inside of my iterator to get itself. So remember, this is the iterator class. It will automatically call the iterator method to get itself. And every time through the for loop, it will automatically call next for us to get the next word in our sequence. And I'll kind of try to prove it to you. So if I were to put a break point here and also put a break point inside of here and inside of our next, let's say, and we enter debug mode, then let's see what happens. So let's say we enter debug mode. And we hit our break point here for our for loop. So this means we have not executed our for loop just yet. Then I'm going to hit the play icon to continue writing our code resume of code. So hit play. And notice it hits the return self-itter inside of our iterator class first. So that for loop is saying, okay, I'm going to execute my for loop. But first, I have to get the iterator of our iterator. It seems kind of weird. But the reason it's doing that is because whenever we have a for loop, it looks at this object and it automatically calls its iter function. And then which it does right here, it called the iter function. And because this thing, this object itself is already an iterator. It's going to say, hey, I am the iterator. Thanks for calling me. I'm going to return myself. So it returns itself as the iterator. And then after that, when it wants to get the first word in the sequence, it should call next automatically. So I'm going to hit play again. And you see it, it paused right here on this break point. So this is saying it automatically called the next method inside of the iterator. And that's going to get our first word. And then if I keep hitting play, let's see if there's any output actually. If I can find the output, maybe I can't because I'm in debug mode. But well, I can kind of see it over here actually in my word. So this is after we hit next, it grabbed the first word, which is comp3522 for my sequence. And if I hit play again, let's see, it's probably calling, yeah, it's just calling everything over and over again. But yeah, you see that next time it got students. And then it gets r, the best. And then it finishes. Yeah, so hopefully this clarifies what iterators are and how they work in Python.