 Okay, so the first thing we're going to do is we are going to model this finite state machine right there. So all that is, it's a class with two properties and a bunch of these methods. So we have our finite state machine class right there. And then the properties we need is state. This is super important. This is actually the thing that's going to be changing and to do all of states. So it changes to multiple states at some point. And then we have this Boolean to help us figure out when we should quit the actual game. So initially I set the running to true. So meaning that the finite state machine will keep running indefinitely. And then finally, I have this little, this is not a property. This is saying that once we initialize our finite state machine, I'm going to immediately call this function to change my current state to whatever state is being passed in. So this state right here is passed into here. So we're going to change our state immediately to what this one's going to be. So let's check out our change state function. It's kind of long, a little bit long, but it's not too bad. So we have our change state function, which takes into state. And the whole idea behind this function is it takes in whatever state that we're passing in and it's going to replace the previous state that we had with this new state. So first things first, this first line is saying that hey, if we had a previous state, then let's properly call it end function, meaning let's clean up any code that that state needs to clean up first. And after we clean up that code, then we can safely set our current state to be the state that's being passed in. So that's what this one's saying. Let's now set our state to the new state. And then this one is saying now, let's make that state point back to myself. Because I said earlier that at some point we need a state to be able to communicate back to us. So this is what currently in the finite state machine, we need our state to finally communicate back to this finite state machine. So that's what this code is saying. It's saying let's set the state's context to this current finite state machine. And then finally, now that we've successfully changed our state, let's call the begin function in the state to set up any initialization code that the state has to do to initialize. So again, this begin and update functions don't require for the state design pattern. They're just required for this specific game code example to work. Yeah, so that's all this change state thing does. It cleans up the previous state. It sets the cleans up the previous state. It sets the current state to be the new state. Tells that state to point to myself. And then tells that new state to do any initialization it needs to do. Next, I see the bulk of it actually is the update function. So the main function from outside all it's going to do is blindly call update. And then this is actually where the state design pattern comes in where the function in the context, so finite state machine or this class is a context has an update function. And then this update function by itself, it doesn't do anything, meaning I don't have code, so no code here. All it does is it defers the logic to be called within the state's update function. So notice here that update is not doing anything itself, which is saying I'm going to defer all my actual code to be done within the state. So this is how we can have a class behave like other types of behave differently depending on what state is currently in. So if the state happens to be game over, it's going to call the game over update. If the state happens to be the gameplay, I'll call gameplays update. And also if it's game over, it's going to call the game over update instead. And it's all dynamic. So we don't know until runtime about what this is. And then finally, we have our running helper methods. So again, these are just helper methods to figure out if we should still keep running our finite state machine. Eventually, the states themselves are going to set this running to false. And that's when we actually quit our program. So this is just a setter to set the running to true or false. And we have a getter here to figure out if we're currently running or not. So then let's flip back to our diagram. So we're all done with the finite state machine. And so now let's check out the state, the abstract state right here first. So here is our abstract state. So what the state needs is in a net where you have this optional context. So again, this is just a pointer or a reference back to my finite state machine. So when I initialize my state, it sets nothing. And then later on, I have this little set context function that's called from the finite state machine to set the context itself. So this sets the context to point at the finite state machine. And then the rest of the methods are pretty much just abstract and empty. So because this is our abstract state class, we're just going to defer the begin, update, and end methods to be done in the actual concrete states. So now we're done this top level state. And let's look at these bottom concrete states. They're all pretty similar, but let's kind of go through them quickly. So let's check out the main menu state first. So here in the main menu, we just have this in it. I probably don't even need this. I just have this. Let's do something else before. But all we do in the in it is just call super. And then in the begin, so the main menu is begin method. I just have some pretty statements saying that we're initializing our main menu. And then in a real game, you probably have some code in here that will pop up the game's title screen. And then maybe it'll show some buttons to quit the game or a button to start game. So put it like that. So this is code that you want to execute once. That's what happens to begin. And then the update. So this is potentially the method that's called over and over and over again in if it loop. So in this case, in my update function, I just have two options. Put this out. And I say press one to enter gameplay or two to quit. And then I grab the user's choice. And then if they choose to enter the gameplay, notice here in this if statement, if the choice is one. And then I'm actually going to call my context to change the state to gameplay. So this is where that reference back to the context is super important. Because right now I'm within my state, my state class. And so I have to have some way to communicate back to my finite state machine. So this context is my finite state machine. I'm saying, a finite state machine, I would like you to now change the state to the gameplay state instead. And then it'll go through the whole process of, you know, setting the state and then changing over to this new state. So otherwise, if the player decides to quit, then I am going to call the finite state machine to context again, this is the finite state machine. I'm going to set that to set that running Boolean defaults. And then that'll allow us to quit the game. So then in the end, in the end method of our menu, a state, just more kind of one time executing code where we do any final cleanups. So maybe we'll close the title screen and then and also close the button to quit the game. So the rest of the states are pretty, pretty similar. So kind of going through quickly. So the gameplay state, this is the state that represents us actually playing the game, controlling the character and trying to stay alive. So all this stuff is very similar. We have the init. We have a begin method that does gameplay state specific code that happens once. So in a gameplay, you probably want to show different things. You'll show the UI, health bars, and maybe score, maybe. And then here we have our infinite update loop where I give the user two options again, where if they press one, then it means that their players do all I even like to keep playing. And if they press two, then the player dies. And that's when we go to the game overstate. So if the player chooses two, then they're going to call again the finite state machine, the change the state to be the game overstate. And then we have our end that does gameplay specific end stuff. And then we finally, we have our game overstate. So all this very similar game over has a init, a mover has game over specific begin logic. And then here we have the game over specific update logic. So in this case, when you're in a game overstate, that means this game has finished. And we have two options. We can either return to the main menu or we can quit. So that's what these two options are for. If they choose one, then we're going to call our finite state machine to change the state to the main menu. And then otherwise, we are going to quit the game. So here we tell the context where the finite state machine to quit the game or set the Boolean defaults. And then we have our end method for our game over class or state. So that's we're almost there. So this is our main client code. So here, notice it's very short. All we do is we set up our finite state machine here. So we create our finite state machine. And then we actually set up its initial state to be the main menu. So we start off the finite state machine in the main menu. And then after that, we just let it run free right here. So notice here, we just have a while loop. And we're saying that while the finite state machine is still running so that Boolean instead of a finite state machine is true, then we're just going to call update. And that's it. So notice that all of the logic of how states transition from one to the next, it's all buried within classes themselves. We don't have the giant if else statement out here. Notice how clean the code is in a client. It's literally two lines to run the code. So let's give it a run and see what it looks like. So when I first run the code, this is printouts. First thing that happens, we just print out that we created our finite state machine and set the first state to be the main menu. So that's this one right there. And then what happens is that when we're in the constructor here, if I pop back up to the finite state machine, so in our constructor, what happens is we pass in main menu here. We set the initial state to be nothing, which is fine. And we set running to true. And then we immediately change our none state. We immediately change that to be the main menu state. So if you pop down to the change state, this is now main menu. And then this code is executed. So it says that if the self state is not none, so currently it is none. So we actually skip over this code. And then we say that self.state is now pointing at main menu. And here we're saying that main menu is now going to point back to this finite state machine. And then here we're calling the main menu to call its begin code. So that's why when we call the main menu's begin code, all this stuff prints up. So notice here it says main menu initialization. And this is also in the main menu's begin code. It's a show game title button quit and stuff like that. So that's what happens after this line of code is run. All this stuff is printed out. So then we enter this while statement. While it's true that the finite state machine is running, let's call the finite state machine's update function. So let's jump there. So if we go to the finite state machines update function, which is right here. Again, notice that the finite state machine itself doesn't do any code. All it does is it calls the update function within the state. So currently we're in the main menu state. So that's why we should pop over the main menus. Update function. So that update calls this one, which you can see in the output. This is exactly what's happening. We are printing up a forming menu update, enter gameplay and quit. And that's exactly what we have. So now all it's doing is it is waiting for it to enter some input. So currently I want to enter the gameplay. So if I hit one and then enter. And it's kind of happening really quickly. What happened is that when I hit one, when I hit one, we went to here. And then we called the finite state machines context to change the state to gameplay. So then if we pop back up there one more time, just to show you in kind of in detail, what's happening. We popped back up to here, change state. And now the state that we're passing in is a gameplay state. And then when we enter this statement, currently self.state is the main menu. So therefore we're going to actually enter this line of code. And this line of code is the same main menu. I want you to call your end code. So let's go clean up all the code in the main menu. And that's why it's saying here, performing main menu cleanup code. And then close game title button to quit game. So after it does that, then we're going to change our state. So now this state has been changed over to the gameplay state. And then we're going to change the context. Gameplay to point to the finite state machine. And we call the game plays begin. So that's where this stuff is. There's a game plays initialization. And then showing the health and stuff. So then we pop back down. So I think we finished up in the main menu actually. So let's pop over to the main menu. Yeah. Yeah. So at this point, we're pretty much like right here in code. Code is here. And then we're done. We're done in the main menus update. So main menu update will pass back up to the else. And it'll finish up. And then we're pretty much going to go through the next iteration of this update. Update. So the next time FSM update is called. Where should you going to be calling the gameplays update this time? Because now we've changed our state to be the gameplay state. So that's why when we call update this time, this update. It's going to call our FSM update. Which in turn, it's going to call our gameplay. This is our gameplays update. So that's why we have our gameplay update here. So yeah, that was kind of in great detail about what's happening. So I was going to go through this quickly. So currently I am in the gameplays update loop. If I go to the gameplay. Yeah. So players to a live player dies. That's what we're here. So if I were to have two choices, one to stay alive or to the die. So if I hit one, notice that there's no state changes. I am infinitely in my game update over and over and over again. Which is what that's expected. I want that. And then once I hit two, it's right here. So two. Now what happened is that we are now going to clean up the gameplay. The state is going to change. And now it's changing over to the game over's state. So now if I pop over to the game, the game over states update loop. This is where we're at right now. So we're performing the game over update. And again, I have two options return to main menu or quit. So let's just return to the main menu. The state changes again because we've said changes state now to main menu. So now this code is just the main menus state again. So that kind of completes our demo. So the final thing we want to do is let's just quit. So if we go over to our main menu. Right here. So this is option. I'm just going to press two to quit. And what that's going to do is it's going to set my context running Boolean defaults. So I'm going to hit enter. And then it quits out. So what happened there was that I set my context running Boolean defaults. So that calls my final state machine here. It's going to set my final state machines running Boolean defaults. So the next time our main methods wild loop checks this running is running is going to be false. So if we pop back down here in this wild loop for main, the next time it checks running, this is going to be false. So then we exit out and the program finishes. Not here. So that's a demo of the final state machine using the state design pattern.