 I want to end things off by once again talking about little Python quirks that we should be aware of. In this case, we're dealing with mutable versus immutable function parameters. Or in other words, be very careful about how functions behave depending on whether the parameter you're passing in is mutable, in other words, changeable versus immutable or unchangeable. So let's look at our example. Hopefully you remember this spam and ham example. In this case, we have a function called spam where you get some parameter. We're going to append some number to that parameter. And then down here, we assign that parameter to equal to something else. And then out here, we're going to create our initial list of numbers, call that function, and then print something up. So again, let's go through this line by line to really understand what's happening. So first of all, we create a list that has a single number zero in it. And we assign that list to our variable ham. So over here, we see visually that we created some new block of memory that contains a list with the number zero in it. And then the variable ham is pointing to that place in memory. So next, when we call spam and we pass in that ham variable, what happens is that this ham variable is then passed to this eggs parameter. And visually, what that looks like is this new eggs variable is pointing at the same memory location as the original ham list. So no copying has actually happened. Both variables are pointing at the same memory location. Next, we call the eggs.depend function. And in this case, we're just adding the number one to our eggs list. So we see the number one is added to our list. So everything looks good so far. Next, however, we see eggs is equal to this new list two and three. And what's happening in this case is that a new list is created with some new memory. And our eggs variable is now pointing to that new memory that has been created. So then what that means is that when it comes time to print ham, we see that ham is still pointing at that old zero one memory location. So when we print this out, we see the value of a list zero and one. And this behaves, or I should say, in this case, this behavior is happening because the parameter that we're passing into our function, so ham is a list. And lists are mutable, meaning you can change your list. So you can add new elements to your list. You can delete elements from your list. That's all perfectly fine. And we see that mutable parameters appear to treat function parameters as passed by reference. Or in other words, when we initially passed our ham into our span function, our eggs parameter here, behave like you'll pass by reference because any changes that we made on the eggs code also affected the initial ham code. And that seems to be passed by reference up until the point where we have the assignment. As soon as the assignment happens, then the eggs variable is pointing to a new piece of memory. So my one takeaway here is that whenever you have a parameter that is mutable, it treats that parameter as kind of like passed by reference initially until you make your parameter equal to something else. Okay, so now let's look at how this is different when we're dealing with immutable function parameters or function parameters that are not allowed to change. Okay, so we're resetting our example and trying to change the code so it's as close as possible as I can get. So in this case, we're not dealing with lists. Instead, we're dealing with a string instead. So here we go. The reason I'm using a string is because strings are immutable, meaning that once you create your string, we cannot go back and change that string. So we begin here where we have our hello string and we assign it to ham. So in memory, we create some new memory that has the hello string in it and then our ham variable is pointing to that memory. From the next, we call our span function. So when we call it span function, we're passing in our ham string and then eggs is our parameter that is now also pointing to that hello string, which looks kind of okay so far. We have one piece of memory, ham and eggs as variables are both pointing at that one piece of memory. Okay, so now I'm going to break this up into two parts. Now what's going to happen is conceptually, I want to add the string world to my hello string. So on the right side of this plus equals statement, it's like we're doing the following. We're creating an entirely new piece of memory that has a string hello world to it. The reason this is happening is because strings are immutable. We're not allowed to change this original string. That's the concept of what immutable means is we cannot change the original value once we create it in memory. And because we cannot change it, the only way that we can add the string world to it is if we create an entirely new piece of memory that has the string world attached to hello. So that's why this whole new piece of memory is created. Okay, so now that's conceptually that's kind of like the right side of this statement. So next we want to assign the variable eggs to this new piece of memory. So in this next slide, we see eggs is now equal to world. So that makes our eggs variable now point to the hello world. And then so then we print eggs and that's going to print out hello world to the screen. And then now we want to print out ham. So we see that ham is still pointing at the original hello. Nothing has changed with that. And what I want you to take away from this is hopefully you notice that there's a bit of a difference. If you're dealing with immutable parameters, it makes the function look like it's treating all of its parameters as passed by value. Because in this case, our original hello ham didn't change. But in the previous example, when we're dealing with lists, that lists changed a little bit. So let me just go back a few slides. Originally our list had only zero inside of that list. But then at the very end of our code, we ended up with zero and one as part of that list. So hopefully that didn't confuse too much in that. But I just wanted to bring this final kind of summary slide for you here. Just be very aware what kinds of parameters you're passing into a function. If you're passing immutable parameters, then that function can appear to treat that parameter kind of like passed by reference initially. You can change the internal attributes of that parameter. And any changes that you make will affect the original object. So that's why it looks like it's passed by reference. And these changes will appear in the original object up until the point where the parameter is assigned to point to a different object. Then it makes the function appear to be passed by value. Compare that to immutable parameters like our string. In that case, the whole time it makes it look like the function is passed by value. And that's because when we're dealing with immutable parameters, you're not allowed to change the internal attributes of that parameter. And this is consistent with that concept of immutable types. And that any changes that appear to occur are actually occurring on a new immutable object instead. So that's what I mean by this one is that back here, any changes we made here to Hello World, it wasn't modifying the original Hello, it was creating a new piece of memory called Hello World to it. So yeah, another little bit of a quirk we have to keep in mind for Python.