 Generally, what it design pattern is, it's just a common design solution to a common architectural problem. And it's really trying to answer three specific questions. How can I write a system so that classes can communicate with each other with low coupling? The second is how can we write a system so classes can be combined to form different structures? And how can I write a system so classes can be created with different strategies and techniques? So again, design patterns are not some magical API or function that you call and it automatically solves your design issue. Design is a very overall systemic problem that we're trying to solve. And therefore, all that design pattern is, it's a way to describe how we can structure our code and classes to solve some specific design issue. And the reason I'm showing these UML diagrams is just to say that typically when we structure our code in a specific way where we have classes and these classes can communicate with each other in specific ways with certain dependencies, then by doing this, by structuring a code in a specific way, then our purpose is to solve a specific design issue. So let's go through some specific examples that we've already seen in in the program so far. So the first question is a design question. How do I design a system where I can iterate over a collection of objects without modifying the collection itself? This is something we've already done in the past. We've solved this issue by creating or following the iterator pattern. I know we didn't call it the iterator pattern, but the iterator concept itself is trying to solve this specific question. And the way that it's solved this is we create an iterator class and that class holds a reference to an iterable object. And by doing this, our iterator has the ability to iterate over the iterable object completely separate from the iterable object itself. And then not only that, so that's one part of the design solution. We have an iterator and iterable object as two separate concepts. And then the second part of it is that our iterable object needs some method to return an instance of our iterator. So visually it looks like this. We have two different classes. We have iterable and the iterator. The iterable has to have a function called iter that returns us an iterator. And then using the iterator, we have a next function that allows us to iterate over every element in our iterable. So this system designed to have two classes and each class has their own functions that serve different purposes is a pattern or a template or solution to this original design question. So let's look at another example that we've already seen. The design question here is how do I notify a bunch of different objects if the state of one part of the system changes without coupling that part of the system with all these other different types of objects. And the solution to this was the observer design pattern. In this case, the solution was to have all these other different kinds of objects implement a common observer interface. And then our core or the object that's supposed to be broadcasting information becomes dependent on the observer interface instead of these specific objects themselves. So here just as a refresher, the idea is that in this observer pattern we have some core or subject that wants the broadcast information out to all these observers. And this design pattern is saying that for this solution to happen, we need a class to be our core or subject. And then for our listeners, we need to have classes to be observers. And all these observers should be inheriting from some common observer interface. So that way when our subject broadcast information out to these specific people, it doesn't care about these specific people per say. All it cares about is it's talking to some abstract observer concept. So there are advantages and disadvantages to using patterns. The advantage is that we're not reinventing the wheel. There's a bunch of really smart software developers that came before us who have come across these common design issues. And therefore, they've created these templates for us to follow. And they're just saying that if we follow these templates, if we arrange our classes in a specific way and make them call functions and have dependencies in specific ways, then it's going to solve these design issues. The second advantage is that they're very abstract, at least these design patterns are very abstract and can be applied to many different problems. And their abstract on purpose, it's not meant to solve one very, very specific issue. It's meant to solve a set of broad issues that you as a developer can tailor to fit exactly your specific needs. The third is that if all developers understand design patterns, it allows us to really easily communicate a bunch of ideas between developers. And finally, design patterns themselves are language agnostic, meaning that it doesn't matter what programming language you're using, as long as that programming language supports object oriented programming, then you can use these design patterns to solve your issues. So of course, with advantages, there's also disadvantages as well. The disadvantage is that design patterns themselves can make your system more complex making the system harder to maintain. And at first, a lot of these design patterns look really simple, but when it comes time to implement them, it's not that implementing them is difficult, but it's more like it adds a whole bunch of dependencies and coupling that you might not want in your system. And as we start to learn more and more about design patterns, we get really excited and we want to implement them into our system. So by knowing more about design patterns, we might want to throw them all into a system that doesn't really need it. So our system might begin to suffer from pattern overload. And in general, all patterns themselves have some specific disadvantages. And these disadvantages can add more constraints to your system. So as a result, US developer may need to add constraints to your system that you didn't originally plan for. And finally, design patterns themselves have to be structured in a specific way. And because of this really strict structure, it doesn't really lend itself very well for code reuse because you'll have to dismantle your design pattern and they just won't work very well if they're dismantled in a certain way. So now that you know about the advantage and disadvantages, I want to talk about three broad categories of design patterns. So if you think back to the beginning of this talk, I explain that the purpose of design patterns is really to answer three questions. The first question was how classes can communicate with each other while maintaining low coupling. And that's exactly what behavioral design patterns are meant to solve. They're focused on communication and interaction between objects. How do we get objects talking to each other while minimizing coupling? The second question I asked was how can classes be combined to form different structures? And structural design patterns are meant to answer this question. How do classes and objects combine to form different structures in their programs that focuses on and its focus is on architecting to allow for maximum flexibility and maintainability. And the last question I asked was that how can I write systems so that classes can be created with different strategies and techniques? And these are recreational design patterns or all about. So they're all about different cool strategies and techniques to instantiate different objects or groups of objects in unique ways. So now that we know about the broad category of design patterns, the next part is deciding on how do we pick a pattern. And you really have to follow these four steps to decide which pattern to use. First is you have to fully understand the problem you're facing in terms of what dependencies, modularity, and abstract concepts you'll have to be concerned about. Second is once you fully understand your problem, then you can identify whether that issue is related to communication, like how classes communicate with each other, or is it more about how your class is should be structured, or is it more about how do you create your objects? And depending on that, you'll be focusing on using behavioral, structural, or recreational design patterns. The third is that are there any specific constraints that you need to follow? Because as I mentioned earlier, every single design pattern has its own set of constraints. So we have to make sure that the constraints that you follow don't conflict with the constraints of the design pattern themselves. And the final step is that before you finally pick your design pattern, is there a simpler solution that works? Because maybe you don't have to use a design pattern. Maybe there's something even simpler that works for you. If not, then let's go ahead and pick a specific pattern. So the next step is we're just going to go through a whole bunch of different patterns and explain what they do, what they're useful for, and their advantages and disadvantages. So that's what we're going to do over the next few weeks. But for now, let's begin by looking at one of the simplest design patterns possible, but also one of my favorites.