 All right, so now that we went through iterators in this lecture, let's go back to looking at the iterable protocol, because this will come more into play now that we know how to use it. And the way that we implement this iterable protocol is we just have to override the iter or the dunder, iter, dunder method in our custom class. And this is in vote to generate an iterator for our custom, custom class. So this, in theory, what this should do, what the purpose of this function is, it should return a new iterator object that can iterate over all the objects in our specific container. So in our sample code, we had our team custom class. And we just decided that when we call our iter function, we want to return an iterator that lets us iterate through all the names in our team members list. And just so you know that this custom iter protocol is called in two different ways. First is if we specifically call the iter function. It's a global function that if we pass in a container, it's going to return an iterator for us. Or it's implicitly called whenever we use our for-each loop. So whenever you do something like this, where you have four item in your custom object, then it's also called as well. So let's check it out. So we have our team iterable code. And again, we're going back to our team class. Everything is the same. We have the name and numbers, two string. We have our size protocol. We have the container protocol. And now we're adding our iterator protocol. So in this case, we override the default iter protocol, just like this, by having the dunder, iter, dunder method. And then from a design perspective, the purpose of this is that when you call to get an iterator from our team class, so when you call it on our team class, then the idea is that we're going to return an iterator to our list of numbers. So that's why in this case, it's really easy. We just call the iterator function on the list itself of our team members. That's going to create an iterator for the team members. And then we just return that back out. And that's it. So it's just one line of code, really easy. And then so let's just check out how we can invoke this. So we invoke it just like this. So here, we're just calling our for loop for every person in X-Men. We print out a person. And as we saw earlier in the slides, there's two ways that we can invoke it. In this case, in the sample code, we're invoking it implicitly through our for loop. But we can also invoke it explicitly by calling the iter function as well. And I'll show you that right now. We can do that by going like this. So let's say team iter equals iter. So that's the global function. And then I pass in our X-Men team object. And then in that case, I can then call next team iter and then print out the items in there. So I can go like this. And that'll print it out as well. Let's just do that. I think this. So I'm going to comment out this one first and show you what this looks like. So that is the print out right here. We get the iterator that points to our members list inside of our object. And every time we call next on an iterator, it prints out the, it gets that element. And then it prints it out. So here, the first time we call this one, this is printing out Professor XSavier. And then we call next on it that our iterator points to Cyclops, then Storm, and then Gene. Every time we call next. And if I do it one more time, it should print out the stop iteration exception. Yeah, so I get the exception here. So I'm showing you here two ways that we can call iterator. So let me just comment out this one. And then bring back this one. So this one, we're implicitly calling our iterator function. So here, if we run it, it does exactly the same thing. And just to prove to you that we are calling our custom iterator method here, I'm just going to have a print out here. Print. I'm in the iterator protocol. So if I run this, let's search for that. So you see right here, it's printing out I'm in the iterator protocol. And just for completeness, so this implicit version definitely calls the iterator protocol. And then if I were to come in this one out and bring back my manual one right here, I'll actually even do this. This will also call it as well. So I run this. You see right here, this manually will call my iterator protocol. So yeah, so now you know how to write three different types of protocols. Just so you know, there's many more protocols, but this is at least our first look at it.