 Now that we know about views, we can finally talk about iteration or loops. And let's begin with four loops. In this case, I have a dictionary called dishes and it has four separate key value pairs. IGs, sausage, bacon, and spam, and each of them are assigned a different value. So 2, 1, 1, 500. And I'm getting the keys and then assigning them with the key, variable, and also getting the values and assigning them into the values. So just as a reminder, the keys function will only grab the string keys, so IGs, sausage, bacon, and spam, and then save that into keys, and then the values function will only grab the values. So 2, 1, 1, 500, and then save them into values. And just a reminder from the previous slides, that these functions return views into our dictionary. They don't return a list, but views into our dictionary. And then how we can bring this back to four loops is the following. So we're going to be using our views for our iteration. So here we are creating a temporary variable called n, and that's going to be summing up all the values. So initially n is equal to zero, and here's our first look at a for loop in Python. So just like other languages, we have the for keyword. And then we have vales. You're probably wondering what vales. Here in the second slot, this is our variable. So normally you have for int x equals zero, let's say. This is pretty much our x. So this is where declaring a new temporary variable called val. And what it does is that this temporary variable value will iterate through all the elements inside of our values view. And just as a reminder inside of values, I'll write this out right now. So it's a little bit clearer inside of values. Values values contains two. One one 500. So hopefully that's a bit clearer to you. So value is going to iterate through all the elements and values. So value Val is going to take the two one one 500. So the first time through the iteration Val has the value of two. So then Val is value of two. So that gets added to n. So n is two initially. The next step through the iteration value gets the value of one. So one gets added to n. So n has a value of three. For the next iteration value gets the value of the next one over here. So then one plus three is equal to four. And then finally the last iteration value gets the value of 500. And that's gets added to here. So then that equals to 504. So n has the value of 504. So when you print it out, our final result is 504. So hopefully that was clear. Alright. So four loops are great to be used with sequence types. Because the four loop is going to iterate over every element in a given sequence or view. And it's incredibly efficient. So the general form of it is you have your four keyword. You also have your in keyword. And then you have some temporary variable X. That's going to iterate through every single element in your sequence over here. And then you have some code to do some actual code over here. And just like other languages, we do have the break and continue keywords. And I'll show you an example next. So first of all, if you just take a look at these two different code segments, try to figure out what these two pieces of code do. So you can pause anytime. But I'll go through it right now. So here, I know this one looks really complicated. But if we break it down, it's actually pretty easy. So we have our for loop. And then we have our in statement. But let's check out what's happening. So we're seeing that for a tuple. So the round parentheses saying that this is a tuple. For this temporary variable tuple, I'm going to create a new variable called name, comma, age. So we created a tuple with two temporary variables in here, name and age. And then here we're creating a sequence on the spot. And the sequence happens to be a list. So how I know it's a list is because we have a square bracket. So square brackets indicate we're creating a list, square brackets. And then inside of this list, we have three separate tuples. So one tuple here, comma separated by another tuple here, comma separated, another tuple here. And notice that each one of these tuples is just a pair of string, which is a name, and a value, which is probably their age. And how this works is we're saying that for this sequence, we're going to be using this tuple to iterate over it. So what happens is that every time through the loop, this James string is assigned to name, and then this 22 age is assigned to age. So the first time through the loop, it's going to grab this tuple and then plop it into here. The second time through the loop, it's going to take this second tuple here, put it into here, and then third time through the loop, it's going to take this tuple here, and then place it into here. And all this code is saying is that for this tuple, we're going to check if the age that we get is greater than 30, then we're going to print out this formatted string. And what this formatted string is saying is that for this string, that has variable here and variable here, we're going to format it so that the name variable is placed into this zero slot, and the age is put into the zero slot. So overall, this whole for loop is just saying that for the sequence that contains all these names and ages, we're going to print out the person who is an age over 30. And just looking at this, it looks like Danica has the age over 30, so we're going to print out Danica 35 with this line of code right here. So hopefully that breaks, it breaks it down, so it's a little bit easier to understand. So this second one here, we're still in the same format. So we have a four keyword, we have the in keyword, we create a temporary variable called val, and then we're going to iterate over this string called string. And then we're just saying that if value is equal to i, then we're going to skip over it, otherwise we print value. So what happens is that val gets every single character in the string, so val becomes S, T, R, I, N, and G. And so this is just saying that if we happen to hit the character of i, then we're going to skip over it. So in the end, what this is going to print out is it's going to print out S, T, R, skip over i, N, G. So yeah, try this out in your Python editor, or PyCharm, and see what you get, and try to understand what's happening. So some of you might be thinking, okay, this for loop is pretty cool, but it's a little bit different from what I'm used to. So I just kind of added this to show you can, this is the closest way that I can try to get the classic way of creating a for loop, where we have like a for loop going over some numeric range of numbers. And how you would do that is you have a for keyword, you'll have your temporary variable, variable X, and then in, and then this range. So range will create a temporary sequence of numbers from 0 to 4. And in the end, this will just print out the value of X. So then the output will look like this, 0 through 4, and notice it doesn't include the 5. But generally, I would say that if you are using sequences, then just use this approach right here, where you have your sequence on the right side, and then some variable to represent all the elements in your sequence. So finally to end things off, let's look at a very simple while loop. So while loops also exist in Python, in this case, I am creating some temporary variable i equals 1, and the while i is less than 6, then print out all the elements here. So just to kind of reinforce some Python habits here, remember that we don't have curly braces in Python. So whenever you have some kind of expression here, you end it with a colon, and then your code has to be indented properly over here to say that this code is executing within this while statement. And then so finally, just to make sure that whenever you use a while statement, make sure you have some kind of incrementing condition. So in this case, our while loop is testing if i is less than 6. So make sure at some point the value of i is changing, so we don't create an infinite loop.