 We're going to be using UML diagrams quite a bit in this course. So I just want to give you a bit of a review specifically for class diagrams before we continue. So UML is just a modeling language that consists of a set of diagrams. And we're used this to help developers pretty much visualize and construct their software system before we begin coding it all. It also helps you to explain your system to other people visually without having them look into and dig into your code. So let's review class diagrams specifically. And the purpose of a class diagram is to describe the static structure of the system. In other words, when it's not running and it's just kind of sitting there in place, what does it look like? How do all these different classes interact with each other? So it shows the classes attributes and operations and the different relationships among the different classes in your system. And the whole purpose of it is for it to be language agnostic, meaning it's not tied to C++ or Java or Python, but it's just this general kind of abstract concept that can be applied to any different language. So at its core level, class diagrams had the most basic component, which is a class. And a class is represented by this big rectangle. And you can see it's split into multiple sections. The top section has the name of the class. And then the middle section here, pretty much shows you the data members or member variables inside of that class. And they're generally of the format where you have the name of your variable, a colon, and then you explain what type that variable is. So here we have an owner, the name of the variables owner, it's of the string type. Here we have a name of the variable balance. It's of some, I guess, dollar type, maybe another class in the diagram or system, and it has a default value of zero. And then this bottom section indicates the different methods that are available in the class. So we have a deposit method that takes an parameter amount. That's of the type dollars. All right. So now let's move on to how we represent the relationships between different classes. So in this case, we have a whole bunch of different types of arrows to indicate how two classes are related to each other. Probably the most basic is just a simple solid line with a line arrow. This is called an association. And that just means that a contains an instance of B inside of it. So maybe there's a member variable B inside of A. Next is inheritance. So that's where you have a solid line with an empty white arrow in the middle. This says that a is a subclass of B. Then you have realization or implementation. And that says a is implementing an interface B. So in this case, B is an interface. And then a is some concrete class that's implementing the methods or properties in B. So use the dotted or dashed arrow in that case with a solid black triangle arrowhead. So keep moving along. We have dependency. So this is where you have a class A that has some methods that maybe gets the parameters of type B. So that's a dashed line with a line arrow. There's aggregation. This one's a bit more complicated to understand and I'll have a few examples later on. But this means that B is composed of A. And if B happens to be destroyed, then A will also still exist. And there's also composition. It's related in the sense that B is composed of A. But in this case, if B is destroyed, then A is also destroyed. So in this case, we have a dashed line and a solid black diamond. So we'll go through a few examples and try to illustrate the difference between aggregation and composition. Here we have an example of our class diagrams. So we have our car class, carburetor class, pawn class and duck class. And here we have our composed of arrow. And here we have our aggregated arrow. And the idea here is that the car is pretty much the owner. So whatever side the solid diamond is at is the owner of this element. Whereas wherever this white diamond is at, we say that this pawn is owning the ducks. So when I say owning, that means that maybe pawn has some kind of data members that are referencing duck and car has some data members that are referencing the carburetor. So the one new thing here are these numbers. And what these numbers represent is pretty much the number of these objects in another object. So how we read this is that this car has from one to one carburetor. And then this carburetor can have zero to one cars as part of it. Similar idea for the pond, they can have zero to an infinite number of ducks in it. Whereas a duck can have zero to one pawns that they belong to. So in English, we say that in this first example up here, that a car is composed of carburetors. And a car has exactly one carburetor, whereas a carburetor can belong to zero to one cars. And then for the pond example, the pond is aggregated with ducks. And the pond has zero to many ducks, which is this one right here. And the ducks have zero or belong to zero to one ponds. And the other key difference between composition and aggregation is that in the composition example, if this car happens to be destroyed. So this car object is destroyed, then the carburetor also is destroyed. Compare that to aggregation in this case, if a pond is destroyed, then these ducks may still exist. So they cancel exist. All right. So let's look at a few more examples here. Take a moment to pause the video and try to figure out what this class diagram is saying. All right. So what this is saying is we have a class that's named car. And then there are two properties of the car. We have a string for the model and a string for the manufacturer. And we have three different methods. Turn right, left and drive straight. And then we also have a relationship with this wheel class over here. And we say that this car is a dependency where the car is using the wheel class somewhere. The reason it's this dashed arrow with the line arrowhead is because probably somewhere in these methods, they're using wheel as a local variable that they're instant shooting. So it's not actually a property in here that's a wheel. That's why this is not a solid line. Okay. How about this one? So here we have a class named professor that has a list of students as its property. And we have some numbers in this case. So professor has one to many classes. And then for all the classes, they belong to one professor. And the classes themselves also has a student list. So we mentioned this. A professor is an aggregate of the classes and a professor has one to many classes. And has a list named list of students, whereas a class has exactly one professor has a list named student. And then in our final example, we have our final look at the inheritance structure. So in this case, we have a top level base class called person has two properties name, string and age, int with default value of zero. And then we have two sub classes student with the property grades, which is a list of grades and professor that also has a list of students, which is a list. And we see that for the arrow, we're using the inheritance arrow, which is a solid line and a white arrowhead. So both of these are inheriting from person. And yeah, all this text is just saying what we just talked about. So hopefully this bit of review kind of refreshes you on how to create class diagrams and this will be pretty useful as we get into our assignments. So that's it for a week to and next week I'm pretty excited because we're going to finally talk about some solid design principles and then talk about a whole much of design concepts such as dependencies and coupling.