 Next, let's talk about static variables. This is a special kind of variable where that variable belongs to the class itself instead of a variable belonging to an instance of a class. All that means is that when you instantiate a bunch of objects of a class, every single object shares ownership of a single instance of that variable. And this exists in Python via what we call a class variable. And these class variables are shared by all instances of your class. And the way that we declare them is we declare them inside the scope of a class, but not inside of a method. After we do that, these variables are accessible anywhere globally. And the way that we access it is we call them by the class name dot class variable. And I'll show you some quick code to see what this looks like. So here we have my class. And here I'm declaring my class variable. So notice this is different from the classic way of declaring a regular class member variable. So here, for instance, this is how I would declare a class member variable. Notice we call self dot my name or my num. And we're also putting this inside of a method. So we don't want to do that. This creates a static variable, whereas this is a member variable. So here we have a static variable. And I also have a print function that allows me to print my class variable. And the way that I print it is I call the name of my class dot my num. So the name of my variable. And then I have some code to kind of try to prove that there's only ever one instance of the my num variable created. So I have my first class that I'm instantiating. I call print on it. And then let's just run this and I'll make more sense. So I run this. So I create my first instance of my class. I call print and we see it has a value of five, which makes sense because I initially set it to five. And then I'm going to change the value of the class variable through this call. So I call the name of my class dot my num to get access to the my num. And then I change the value to 10. Next I'm just going to call print again. So we we see that the value is 10, which makes sense. We just change the value. So then down here for the second, I am once again going to make an instance of my class. But in this case, I'm going to directly call print and you see that when I directly call print, it has a value of 10. And the reason that's the case is because both second and first share ownership of a single instantiation of this variable, my num. That's why it has a value of 10 instead of the initial value of five. So hopefully that kind of gives you a bit of review on static variables and also how we create them in Python. Since Python has class variables, it also has class methods and a class method is a method that belongs to the class instead of the object itself. And these class methods have a few different properties of them. First is that they take in CLS as their first parameter instead of self. And the CLS stands for the class, the name of the class itself. So if we look down at this class method down here, notice that this doesn't take itself, it takes in CLS. And we'll show an example later of what this looks like. Second is that class methods have to be tagged with this property or decorative, we call decorator here. So this at class method decorator must be before the name of your class method. And after you do that, then that means that this class method has the ability to modify and access other class variables, but it cannot access instant variables. So in order for us to call this class method, all we have to do is call the class name dot class method. And I'll show you an example on the next slide. So for instance, I want to create a temperature class that stores all of my temperatures in Fahrenheit. So I might do something like the following. I have my class temperature, I have a regular initializer, and it takes in temperatures as Fahrenheit. And then it saves it into the self dot temperature member variable. So then down here, I have this nice helper function or helper method called from Celsius. So what this is, it's a method that takes in a temperature in Celsius and it just converts the Celsius into Fahrenheit first as just a raw number. And then it'll take that Fahrenheit raw number and pass it into this initializer. The way that works is that notice we're passing in via the CLS call. So this CLS has the value of this class name temperature. So in other words, internally this CLS is just temperature and this CLS is temperature. So if I were to pop out of presentation view and write this out, this CLS right here is equivalent to me doing something like this. So it's like I'm making an instance of the temperature class, which we'll call this one with the temp Fahrenheit parameter. So that's where you would use this CLS parameter here. And also if this CLS had some, let's say I had a, let's say I had a, let's say a number. So my num equals five. So this is a class variable, class slash static variable. This CLS would allow me to access the my num because otherwise it wouldn't be able to access it. Therefore I can just go like, I don't know, print CLS dot my num, something like that. So hopefully that clarifies what this does. So final line here to bring it all together is now that I have my class fully written like this, I'm going to call my class method with the following. So outside in my, in my main somewhere, I'm going to directly call the temperature class and then use the dot notation to call the from Celsius class method and then pass in 50. So this passes in 50 as Celsius into here. And then it converts Celsius to Fahrenheit and then returns an instance of temperature object that I say even a temp. So one thing, one key takeaway I want to do to notice is that I don't actually have to instantiate an instance of temperature before I call from Celsius. I'm directly calling from Celsius because it's a class method related to class methods are static methods. And you'll see that they're very similar to class methods, but with one key difference. So first of all, static methods have to be decorated with this at static method tag at the beginning. So down here, we have a convert to Fahrenheit method and we are first decorating it with this at static method. One thing and most importantly is that static functions do not require CLS as the first parameter. So notice here, there's no CLS. And the reason that's a case is because the purpose of a static method is not to access any of the class member variables or objects. In fact, the purpose of a static method is just to behave as a completely independent function within the scope of a class. So just to go through some more examples, I would just before I get into that, first is the way you call a static method is very similar to how you call a class method. You call the name of your class with the dot notation and then you directly call your static method. So because I know these two different methods are very similar, I just want to break down exactly why they're different. So static methods versus class methods. So I'm sure you're probably thinking at this point, hold on static methods and class methods seem pretty similar. What's the difference? So let's go over the similarities first. First of all, both are class level methods, meaning that you don't have to make an instance of your class before you call the method. So here we have that same class temperature example. And first of all, we have an initializer that sets the temperature. And here we have both the class method and static method. So for the class method, we have from Celsius and then we have the CLS and the temperature. Compare that to the static method where the static method tag is different. And also we don't have the CLS. Whereas over here, the way that we call static and class methods is pretty much the same as well. We just call the name of our class with just temperature dot and you directly call your method. This is your static method and see my deal for the class method. You call the name of your class temperature dot from Celsius. So this is the class method. So this is how they're the same. Now I want to compare how they're different. The main difference is the purpose of these methods. So for static methods, if your purpose is to perform an operation without accessing any static class variables, then you want to go ahead and use a static method. And the reason is because static methods do not have access to CLS as a first parameter. However, the purpose of your method is you do want to perform operations with the static class variables. Then you do want to use a class method instead because the CLS parameter here gives you access to your class variables.