 All right, so let's say we're trying to implement the factory pattern for some website that's hosting a forum message board. And in this forum message board, we want to be able to create new types of users. There's one type of user that's going to sign up to be a new member, or another user might be viewing the forum as a guest. And so therefore, in our system, we deal with two different kinds of users, a guest and a member. And really the only difference between the two is what kind of permissions each of them has. So a guest has the following permissions. They can read, like share and flag posts. And a member can do everything a guest can do, but they can also write posts. So let's start by creating the UML class diagram, depicting the user hierarchy. And that'll look like this, at least on this right part over here, where we have some abstract user, that has a username, some permissions, maybe the date that they've joined, and some methods to authenticate and get their profile. And then as you mentioned, there's two specific types of users. There's a member that has the ability to read, write, flag, and a whole bunch of other permissions. And then the guest user, where they can do everything, except they cannot write into the forum. So their permissions is going to be a little bit different. And so these child classes are going to extend from our base user class. And then just our fun over here, we're just showing our client as well. But this part over here is our product hierarchy. These are the eventual objects that we want to instantiate. The next part is we have to focus on creating the factory classes. So these are the classes that are focused on how we actually instantiate the products that we talked about earlier. So we want to create a user factory class, add it to the email diagram, and then specify the creation method. So creation method, as we mentioned, very early in the slides, is a method that's purpose is to instantiate our products. And in its most simple form, it looks like this. We have our user factory class, it's going to be abstract, and then we have our creation method that's called create user. And its purpose is it's going to return the user abstract base type instead of the concrete member or guest. And just so you know, in the factory pattern, a factory class doesn't have to only have the responsibility of creating objects. It can be a larger class with other creation methods. And the base factory class doesn't have to be abstract as well. But it can, let's say you can create a default product if you wanted to. But in our case, let's just make it abstract, just keep it simple. And then also, for instance, you might want your factory class to have other functionality. So maybe it wants to keep track of which accounts are currently active. But we're not going to do that in our example, but just to give you an example of other functionality that your factory classes can have. So if we expand this out, we have our user factory, abstract class, with its creation method called create user. And then for each of the specific guest objects or member objects, we want to create specific factories for them. So we have two children, guest factory, and another child member factory. And each factory is responsible for creating its own specific type of user. So a guest factory is responsible only for creating guests. And a member factory is only responsible for creating members. So then the final step, we have all of the three things we need. We have the client, which is our forum. We have, well, actually going next slide. So we have the client, which is our forum. We just looked at the factory, which is our three classes we saw in the previous slide. And then we also have the products in the end, which is where it's going to be our user. So the last step to finish off our YOMO class diagram is to bring them all together. So I want to actually do this from scratch in case it's kind of confusing as to how we are going to write this. So I'm going to open this paint program. And let's just go through the step by step. As you mentioned in the PowerPoint slides, to bring it all together, we have three different categories. We have the client classes, the factory classes, and the product classes. So if we go back to the previous slide, we had our client and our product over here. So I'm going to just redraw this in my paint program to show you what this looks like. Here I have the paint program where we draw the YOMO class diagram along with our slides on the left side. So we can keep track of where we are. So here's where we left off. We want to combine our YOMO class diagram all into one giant diagram where we have the client, factory, and user class diagrams put into one. So let's go back to our client and the product. So that was back on this slide, where this shows our eventual product. So remember, product is the object that we want to instantiate in the end. So for our product, we have three classes. We have the user, member, and guest. So if I draw this at the top level for the product, we have our user class. That's our abstract base class. We have the concrete member object we want to create, and then our guest class as well. And then for our client, we have our form website. This is the main code that's going to be calling everything. So let's fill all of this in. So we have our form website, form website. We have our user, user product. That's going to be the top level abstract base class. We have the member. And then we also have the guest over here. So here's the concrete versions of our user. And we know in this case that the arrows are going like this, because member is inheriting from user. And then guest is also inheriting from user as well. So that finishes these two separate product categories. And we won't join everything just yet. Next, we have to finish off the factory. So let's break down how the factory looks like. So definitely at the top level of the factory, we have some abstract user factory class. So for this, we have our user factory. And for this user factory, user factory, we have one creation method inside of it. So this is a create user method inside of it. And it's going to be passing back a user. At least that's the intention. And then we were seeing that for this is just the abstract base user factory. So each of the concrete factories is going to instantiate each of these concrete objects. So the guest factory is responsible for instantiating a guest. A member factory is responsible for instantiating a member. So let's just draw these classes out as well. So we have our guest factory over here. And then our member factory over here. So we have our guest factory and then our member factory. And then just for completeness to make it clearer, we have that create user method that we're also inheriting from the user factory. And let me just move these around a little bit because they're kind of cramped at the moment. And let's just actually get rid of this PowerPoint entirely. Like this bigger. Cool. So now we see that we have a guest factory user factory and member factory. And we know that guest factory inherits from user factory and member factory also inherits a user factory. So the next thing we have to do is we have to finally connect everything together. So this might look different depending on our system. But I'm going to try to create this based on the system that I'm intending to write. So overall, I want my form website to eventually get a factory so that I can get a concrete factory which in turn will then allow me to create a member or a guest. So let's just start off by connecting the factories and the products together. And how this works is that a guest factory will instantiate a guest. So therefore I have to have some dependency that goes this way. So I have the dashed line that connects my guest factory to my guest. See my idea for the member factory. My member factory is going to instantiate member concrete objects. So then I have a dependency there like that. And then for my form website, I'm going to be retrieving a factory that's going to eventually create a product. So definitely my form website is going to have a dependency on the abstract user factory. And then somewhere in the code here, I'm probably going to be calling the concrete members that are returned. But the thing is I don't have a direct dependency on the concrete member. Instead, I'm going to have a dependency on the user instead. Because the whole point of this pattern is I don't want this form website to directly depend on these concrete objects down here. The whole idea is I want this form website to depend on these abstractions instead. And I'll show you this in detail in the code. But generally, at least for my implementation of this pattern, it'll look like this. And so there's some key dependencies. First is we have our regular inheritance dependencies with these arrows. And we also have the regular inheritance dependencies in these arrows. The new one that we're probably not familiar with is that we have these factory dependencies on these concrete objects. So these are the new ones we're probably not familiar with. And then finally to connect everything together with our client, I have these dependencies arrows right here. So hopefully by seeing me draw out this diagram, it's a little bit clearer as to how this system all fits together. So I'm going to bring us back to the slides. And you'll see that this diagram is a little bit different. So I pulled this diagram from the internet. And in their case, they probably implemented their system a little bit differently. But most of it's the same. We still have the inheritance dependencies here and inheritance dependencies here for the products. We also have these factory dependencies on the concrete products here. But their system probably implements how their client form website depends on the factory and the users differently. But I think the most of it is pretty much the same. We still have the forum website that most importantly does not depend on these concrete objects down here. Next, let's see how I wrote this out in code.