 In the next several sessions, we're going to talk about interfaces. And let's just first talk about what we're reminded us about the Java interface. So in Java, interface is a set of methods and constants. And it pretty much defines from a very high level, how do we interact with a specific kind of thing? What can this kind of thing do in terms of its methods and actions? And what kinds of properties does it have in terms of its data members? And this concept of an interface also exists in Python. But there are two general forms of interfaces. There's informal interfaces, which are duct typing and protocols. And there's also formal interfaces, which are abstract base classes. And the main difference between formal and informal interfaces is that formal interfaces are syntactically guarded. So there's actual proper syntax that will say whether an interface is properly created or not. Whereas informal interfaces don't have a syntax that'll say whether you've properly coded something or not. Let's take our first look at informal interfaces with duct typing. So we see that Python uses duct typing. And one kind of analogy is in the real world, if we say that a bird walks, swims, and quacks like a duck, then let's just call it a duck. Or in other words, if you bring it back to coding, if we have some object, we don't know what this object is. But that object can concatenate index and convert to ASCII. Or in other words, it does everything that string can do. Let's just treat that object like a string. So duct typing is when an object's ability to be used for typing occurs at runtime. So let's look at an example where a Python programmer can use any type of object as an argument to a function. So in this function add, we take in two different parameters. And we return a plus b. We don't know what these parameters are going to be. But the idea is whether we pass in integers, so one in one, or the string, nano, and nano, we don't really care. As long as we can concatenate them or add them or do the plus operation, however we expected it to, then this should just work and be fine. So Python uses dynamic typing to determine the type of object that we're using at runtime. So we saw earlier in our add example, we didn't know what x and y we're going to be as parameters, but they're going to be determined at runtime. So another example is when we have these two consecutive statements, num is equal to five, and the num is equal to the string seven. The value or this variable of num can change depending on what value it's actually pointing to or referencing it. So it's the interpreters, interpreters responsibility to check that all the operations that we perform on this variable in the end are valid as the program executes. And for instance, if we call a function and try to add the number five with the string 100, then it's the interpreters job to actually generate an error when we try to add a string to an integer. So the opposite of dynamic typing is static typing, and this is what we're used to in other languages, like Java, C and C++. This is where we actually have to explicitly tell the compiler all the types of all the different parameters and variables that we create. So static typing requires programmer to define all the types of every variable and every function parameter in your source code. So you're used to this, I'm sure, when you create your variable answer to everything, we have to give it a type int before we can assign it some value because we have to explicitly tell the compiler what kind of type this variable is. And then when the source code is compiled, the compiler has to try to detect if there's any kind of non-type-safe operations, and it's going to stop the compilation if this occurs. So hopefully you see that this is quite a bit different than dynamic typing. We're static typing, we tell the compiler ahead time, all the types versus for dynamic typing, the types are determined at runtime. So which is better? So for dynamic typing, the benefit is it gives the programmer a lot of flexibility compared to static typing. But one of the drawbacks of dynamic typing is that because the types are inferred at runtime, it could potentially introduce a lot of bugs that aren't caught until the program is actually run because there's no actual compilation process to do these type checks. So related to this, we should keep in mind that Python still is a strongly typed language, which means that every variable that we create has a proper type, even though it's dynamic, it's still properly typed. So it's the job of the interpreter to keep track of all these different object types. And we're not allowed to do anything that is incompatible with the type of the data that we're working with. So we saw it earlier, we cannot add an int to a string because that doesn't kind of make sense, at least within the context of Python. So as you mentioned, we cannot perform any operations that are inappropriate for the type of the object. And how can we approve this? We saw earlier, we tried to add a number to a string. This doesn't quite work because that operation doesn't really make sense. So let's bring this all together in a small example. Imagine that you want to create a function that takes an object as a parameter. And we expect that that object will have a method called list. But we don't specify in the parameter type what the object is. And that code will compile and execute as long as that object has this list method as part of it. This is great because this is runtime polymorphism. In other words, we can kind of sum up this example as the following. We don't care what kind of object you are as long as you have the list method. So let's look at some code. Here I have some code that has two classes. It can't class with a speak function that just prints out meow. And I also have a truck class that also has a speak function that prints room. And notice that these classes are completely separate from each other. There's no inheritance going on. And then outside of all this, I have an object speak function that takes in some parameter a. I don't know what this parameter a is. But all I care about is that this a object has a speak function as part of it. And hopefully it does. If it does, let's just blindly call it. So then over here, I'm just creating an instance of cat and the instance of truck. And then I call my object speak function right here, pass in the cat, and also call them the object speak function to pass in the truck. And we see that when I ran the code, so I'm running it again, we properly get polymorphism happening just dynamically. So here when I pass in object cat, we call this code a dot speak will interpret this a as a cat. And it's going to call the cats meow meow code or print sorry the speak code and then print out meow. And then when I call the object speak function with a truck here, the truck is passed into a and then we call the trucks speak function, which is room. So this is the runtime polymorphism in action. Let's say I try to break it. Let's say I change the truck's speak function to speak to let's say. And then I run it. So here we get our expected result when we try to run the trucks speak function, it doesn't work because when we try to call a dot speak, this is pretty much going to be trying to blindly call truck dot speak or T dot speak, I guess. But the problem is the truck class doesn't have a speak method. It only has a speak to method. So that's why we that's why we get this error message. So this is where I was saying that dynamic typing, what was it? Let me just bring back my slides in another window. I was saying that yeah, dynamic typing is better in the sense that it's more flexible than static typing, but it runs into issues where we don't catch these errors. So with a typical compiler, it probably would have caught that, hey, my truck class doesn't have a speak function. So this probably wouldn't work. But that's the Python way. We just kind of let our code run. And if we see the errors, then they'll just happen. So to make this work, I just have to change the truck to have the same function name as the cat, or I should also say the same function name as this one right here. And then it'll work. So now that'll work. So there is some way that you can guard it, for instance. So let's check out this polymorphism two example. In this code, I have pretty much the same thing. I have a cat that speaks and then a truck that speaks. But in this case, my trucks speak function is a little bit different. I take in self, sure, but I also take in a name. So you can see that these two speak functions are a little bit different. So we can't exactly do the same code that we did before. So inside of my object speak function, I need to check if my a parameter is a truck. Let's do some different code, which is right here. Otherwise, let's just execute this code. So this is one way you can do it. So here I still create my cat instance and my truck instance, and I call both of them. So then when I run the code, if I'm passing in a cat, then this C is passed into here. We determine that A is not of the truck type. So it just calls the A's speak function, which happens to be the meow. So we get the meow. And then when we pass in the truck, which is the variable D into here, then we see that this parameter A is of the truck type. So therefore, because it's the truck type, I'm just going to call the speak function a little bit differently. In this case, I call the speak function and pass in the rusty name. So then because this is the truck speak function, it calls this one instead. And it'll print out that rusty. So the name gets passed into here. Rusty says room, which we print out there. So hopefully this explains, I guess, a few things. Well, duck typing, dynamic typing, as well as we did a bit of review on static typing as well.