 Alright, so the last design pattern we're going to talk about today is a decorator design pattern. I really like this one a lot because it's a really fun thought exercise. And the first time everybody sees this, it just seems really confusing. Because the idea with this design pattern is we want to be able to add additional functionality to an existing class at runtime. Like we want to add more and more different functionality to an existing object. And it seems impossible, but it can be done. So before I begin, just keep in mind that this design pattern is effectively just a linked list where every single function call within this linked list adds functionality as you're calling down the list. So keep them back in the mind as we're going through this. So the initial problem we're trying to solve is we want to find a way to create an object and runtime. And then have the ability to add new features and functionality to the object dynamically at runtime. It seems impossible, but that's our goal. So how do we support multiple different optional behaviors without inflating the inheritance hierarchy and still maintain this open-close principle? So here's the example I want to give you. Imagine that we are running a donut shop. And for this donut shop, we want to represent our donuts with classes. So our donut will share the same base class and interface, but they come effectively in infinite combinations. So let's start with the first two. Imagine that we're selling two different concrete classes of donuts. So we have a wheat donut and a rice donut. And I might implement that to look something like this. I have a base donut class that has a description function that returns the name of this donut. And then for my two actual concrete donuts, I inherit from my donut base class. So I have a wheat donut and a rice donut. So this is kind of boring in the sense that we don't just want to eat a plain wheat or rice donut. So we want to add some toppings to it. So that's what we're going to do next. And I then want you to add different potentially different types of toppings. So I want to be able to add sprinkles, gummies, and chocolates. And let's think of how we can fit this into our previous model. So you might model that to look something like this. So first of all, don't do this. Please don't do this. You can see from this diagram, it looks horribly messy. But what I want to explain what's happening. So I have my base donut class. And then I want to model all the different combinations of donuts. So here we have a wheat donut with sprinkles, wheat donut with gummies, wheat donut with chocolate. And a rice donut with sprinkles, gummies, and chocolate. And then over here, we have different combinations of these toppings as well. We can have a rice donut with chocolates and double sprinkles. Wheat donut with double sprinkles and three gummies. Like there's an infinite combination of possible donuts here. So clearly we cannot possibly implement our donut shop like this. We'd have just infinite number of classes and that's not possible. So an alternative approach is maybe we'll do this. So instead of having the classes have separate toppings, let's just move all the toppings into the top level interface. So here we have our top interface donut class. And then we're going to implement our different toppings with bullions. So we have a bullion that says whether a donut has sprinkles, gummies, and chocolates. So separate bullions for each. And we can easily toggle whether our donut has these different toppings. So it's not bad. It's a pretty good first approach. But we have an issue. And this violates the open closed principle. So remember the open closed principle states that when we finish creating a class or interface, then once we check it into our system, then we should not be able to go back and modify that interface. We should only extend and add new subclasses if we ever want to add new functionality. And so imagine in this case, I submit this to Git. And I later ask you, hey, can we add new toppings? Can we add like fruit? I don't know. Sour candy toppings. Or maybe I want to be able to not just have a single sprinkle in my donut, but I want to have five sprinkles. Then I'd probably have to change this from a bullion to an integer. So anytime I ask you to add something, you have to go back to this interface and change it. And on top of that, inherently, if we create this structure, the wheat donut and the rice donut will take in these properties. They might not be set. They may be set to false, but we're still wasting memory by having these data members in our subclasses, even though they might not go well together. So here is the inherent design problem. How can we create a donut shop where we can add new toppings and functionality at runtime without going back and modifying our code? So let's try to think of a completely different way of thinking of this. So here's where we start looking at the decorator pattern. So let's start by looking at this thing in a different way. We begin with our donut object. So here is our base donut class. And we have the same get like description function that we did before. And then let's say I want to add sprinkles to this class. So instead of adding a data member sprinkles in here, let's create a separate class called sprinkles. And inside of our sprinkles class, they'll be let's say a pointer inside of it that points the donut. So we can see it's kind of like our sprinkle class is wrapping around our donut class. So recall that again, all the design patterns today, they're all just wrappers. So in this case, I'm wrapping my donut class with my sprinkle class. And then on top of that, I want to add some gummies to it. So here, we have a gummies class that's going to wrap around this entire thing. So you can kind of see that we're actually creating something dynamic where we can have a donut now with sprinkles and gummies attached to it. So that's generally what the decorator design pattern is saying. We wrap our base object using decorative pieces. So that's where the name comes from for the decorator design pattern. It's like we have a base object and we're going to decorate it with whatever additional functionality that we want. So in this specific donut analogy, we're decorating our base donut with gummies, sprinkles, or different fillings. And these decorative pieces, they pretty much reuse the code of the base object, which we call a base component. So some keywords that we're going to use with this design pattern are decorators and components. And component is like the base object that we're wrapping around. And the way that we extend functionality is that we wrap our base component with other decorators. So here in quotes, the official line is decorator is a structural design pattern that lets you attach new behaviors to objects by placing these objects inside special wrapper objects that contain the behaviors. So let's check out what this looks like in a general UML diagram. So decorators are just wrappers. They're just wrappers with one added feature. And that is all the decorators one here it from a base decorator class. So for instance, here are our concrete decorators down here. And they all inherit from this base decorator object right here. And then notice if we think back to wrappers, the decorator has a pointer here. So component here, this is just a pointer to this component object. And this is an interface. So this component will be our donut in our example. And then we're going to have some generic decorator abstract class. And then our concrete objects will be the gummies. So this will be a gummy and this will be a sprinkle. So notice that the class diagram looks very similar to all the other wrappers that we saw. So this decorator component here, that is our wrapper. And then all these components here are the wrappee or the object that we're going to wrap around. And the only kind of weird thing is that our decorator itself is also inheriting from the component interface. It'll look kind of weird. But the reason we do this is because we need our pointer to be the same type as this interface. And that will allow us to wrap around it. So here the decorator is a base class that wraps around anything that implements a component interface. So for instance, this concrete component is of type component. So therefore our decorator can wrap around it. So now this is probably still confusing, but we have many more examples to show you. So I'm going to convert this generic UML diagram into our specific donut version. So that's on this slide right here. Okay, so we're going to create an abstract class called component. And in this abstract class, we have a description function that just returns a string. And in this case, our component is our donut. So we're going to inherit from that and create a wheat, a wheat donut class. And in its description function, it just returns the string wheat donut. And we also have your rice donut class. And that one's, oh, different. I want you to change this. Sorry. This one should be rice donut, rice donut. So that's rice donut. It returns rice donut. And then we're done the component section over here. The next thing we have to do is we're implementing the wrapper decorator component. So this is the wrapper, which is these these pink boxes. So the first thing is we have our top level base decorator class. So this decorator class inherits from component. So we see from this arrow that it's also a child of our component. And the reason we're doing that is because we want this pointer component to be of the component type. And then after we're doing that, then we just implement all of our concrete decorators. So these are the things that are that are going to be wrapping our donut. So we have our sprinkles, gummies, and chocolates. And the difference here is a mentioned earlier. The first thing I said is think of link lists. So here in the description function, their description function is implementing this top level description function. Except with one key difference. So that in the components here, they just return donut, right? So here the only code in there was return rice donut and return wheat donut. But these sprinkles are like links in a link list. What they want to do is they want to call the next node or component in the list. Call it description function. And then whatever it returns from that, it just depends the string sprinkles to it. Same idea for gummies. It's going to call the next link in this component list. Get its description and then attach gummies to it and chocolate same thing. It calls the next in a list and depends chocolate. So you see the only difference here is that whatever we're appending to it is a little bit different. So this is appending chocolate because we're the chocolate class. This is appending gummies because we're the gummy class and sprinkles because this is the sprinkles class. Okay, so what I want to do next is, oh before I go that. So here just to remind you that this is our pointer back to our original component abstract type. This is a key part of the decorator.