 So here's the code for my screen manager code in my game. Earlier I mentioned that I want to be able to represent my screens abstractly using enums. So I have a custom screen enum with three different enums, one enum to represent every screen. So I have a main menu, gameplay, and game over enum. The purpose of this enum is to very easily tell the screen manager which screen I want to show. And then I have an abstract base class called screen. So all screens have a show screen function. And this is just my abstract class to force all of my subclasses to create it. So I have a different class for every single one of my screens. I have a main menu screen class that overrides the show menu. So in these print statements are just simulating me showing or displaying these items on the screen. So in this menu it's going to show a start button and an options button. On the gameplay screen it also has a show screen function, but it's going to show the gameplay information and the pause button. And then on the game over screen it also shows different information. Here it shows the high score and the quit button. So each screen is similar in that they all have a show screen method, but all of them show slightly different things, which is what your screens in a game will probably look like. All right, so now let's bring in the screen manager. So my screen manager is my singleton and hopefully you're seeing a lot of the code is very, very similar to what we had before. Singleton has a single instance that work with initialize to be none initially. We have our get instance function that this is pretty much identical. This is just saying that if my screen manager instance is not initialized yet, let's go ahead and call the initializer to initialize my instance. Otherwise it's just going to act like a regular getter and return that one instance of my screen manager. And then if we look at the initializer, it's a little bit different here. We still have the logic to enforce that only one instance of my screen manager exists. So this is saying that if I'm trying to instantiate more than one screen manager, let's raise an exception. Otherwise, let's set the single instance of my screen manager equal to self. And then in my previous example, I was trying to sum up data. That's why I had a data integer data number that I was trying to save in my instance. In this case, I'm trying to create a screen manager and the screen manager holds all the screens in the game and it's going to show a screen depending on which enum it gets in. So in other words, I need my screen manager instance to save all the screens that can possibly show. So this code right here is going to be creating a dictionary. And this dictionary is going to hold a bunch of screens. And it's going to be a key value pair where the key is the enum. And the value is going to be the screen itself. So notice here that I have a main menu key and I'm going to save the value to be an instance of the main menu. I have a gameplay enum saving the gameplay instance into that key. And then I have a game over key saving the value as the game over object. So once this code is done, my one single-ton instance is saving all the screens possible in the game into it. So that's great. My instance now has all the screens in it. Now I need some way to show a specific screen if I'm past in some enum value. So that's where the show screen method comes into play. Here, screen is enum. So this is actually a screen enum type. And if I'm given a specific enum, then it's going to show that specific screen. So let's say I get past in the gameplay enum. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to call my instance, my single instance, grab the dictionary, and then pass in the gameplay enum into here. So what this part is going to return me is the gameplay screen object, which is this one right here, gameplay screen object. And then once I have the gameplay screen object, I can just call the screen directly to show the screen. And it's going to print out this information. So that's why I'm calling these show screen function on the screen object that I'm calling. So if I pass in the main menu, it's going to get the main menu screen. If I pass in the game over enum, this will get me the game over screen. And that's how it works. So there, now we have a singleton that saves all my screens. And it has a function that will show whatever screen I request it to show. So let's bring it all together now. So down here in my main area, I'm just simulating the fact that I have code all over my system. So here is code that represents main menu code. And then over here, I have some gameplay code somewhere. And then I have here is gantsome game over code somewhere else in my system. And what I really want to emphasize is that no matter where I am in my code, I can always call the single instance of my screen manager from anywhere. And I just very easily just call that singleton to show the screen. And I pass in the enum of the screen that I want to show. And enums themselves are globally accessible. So this enum here, it's globally accessible. So from anywhere in my code, I can just pass an enum into my singleton. And it'll just magically show that screen that I want. So here, just to break down what's happening, is I'm calling my singleton screen manager for the first time. It's going to create an instance of it. And then for that single instance, I'm going to call it to show my main menu screen. So this will is passing the enum into the show screen method, which is here. It's going to call the dictionary to grab the main menu screen object. And then from that main menu screen object, it's going to ask it to show the screen, which is this code right here. So let's see this code in action. So I'm going to run this one. And so for this first bit, I'm asking it to show the main menu. And then the singleton will then call the main menu screen to show itself. So that's how we have this output right here. So we're showing the main menu, show start button, options button. And then later on, somewhere else in my code, let's say in the gameplay logic, it's saying, hey, hey screen manager, can you show me the gameplay screen? So then it goes ahead and do that. It does that. It grabs the singleton will grab the gameplay object from its dictionary. And then it's going to call the show screen function over there. So you see here, it's printing out all the gameplay related buttons. And then somewhere else in the code down here in the gameplay logic, or so game over logic, it's going to say, hey screen manager, can you show me the game over screen? And then down here, we have the game over screen. So just so you know, you, I don't have to write all this code on different lines. I can do screen manager dot yet instance dot show screen. And then let's say I want to go back to the main menu at the very end. Main menu. And that should work as well. Yeah, there you go. I just didn't have the nice dots like we had before. I know this looks more like a law of demeter. That's why I didn't do like this. But whenever you're getting a singleton, I would say that this is okay. It's okay to call it like this because this whole part right here, it's not really chaining a call. This is just to call my global class to get the instance. But yeah, hopefully this shows you a more, I guess real world example of where you would use singletons. So just you know, this is probably one of my favorite patterns, not only because it's so simple, but because it's very often is very useful to have a single global object accessible anywhere.