 All right, so here is the code or different code operations that you can perform on your list. So let's begin right here. As you mentioned that whenever you want to create a list, all you have to do is create a whole bunch of variables separated by comma and then have the square bracket operation. By having the square brackets that tells Python you want to create a list. So here we have a list of string with a list inside of it and then another string. So first thing we're doing is we're going to be printing the first element in our list with the index zero operation. And if I just run this so I can show you it as I'm going along. So this printout statement prints out the first element, which is the A zero value. And I mentioned earlier that you can use the negative as well to print out elements starting from the end of your list. So by going negative one, that's printing out the last element in your list, which is P. And if I print out negative two, then it's going to print out the inner list in here. Here we are printing out the length or the number of elements in our list. So with calling length and the name of our list, we get the value of three. And then here with the append operation, we're just appending or adding the value of 10 to the end of our list. So when print that out, we see that there's a value 10 at the very end. So let's go down a little bit. So pop is another built in operation for all lists or a bunch of sequence types. And that is saying that I want to pop the element at index two. So we have index zero, sorry, index zero, one, two, meaning that it's going to pop off the value of two. When we say pop, it means I'm going to remove the value from my list and then save it into a variable. So we save the value of P into P value. So that when I print out student data, you see that P is missing in this list. And then when I print out P value, we have the value of P. Then we have delete. So delete is pretty clear. We're just saying we want to delete the element at index zero. So the value or the element at index zero is the string. So we see that in this list, in this, in this output right here, when we printed out the string is missing. So then here, this operation, so the list operation. So this is pretty much saying that I want to create a new list with the elements here. And what this does is it's going to create a new list with each individual character as a separate element in your list. So that's why when we create a new list and then printed out right here, we see a list where every single character is a new element. And then down here, we're just because lists are mutable, meaning we can change the elements within it. I'm just changing the element zero to J. And then printing it out. So we get H is replaced with J. So we have Jellow here. And of course, we can delete elements as well. So we're deleting the last element in our list. So we delete the O. And we've printed out has it prints out Jell. And then down here, I'm just creating a new list with a bunch of names in it. And then I want to show you that you can do a whole bunch of other operations here as well. So you can sort them for sure. So notice initially that these names are kind of unsorted. And then after we sort them by calling the sort operation on my list, then all the names are sorted alphabetically. So a B E pretty pretty well sorted. And we can also reverse the orders. So pretty much Every element in your list order will be reversed. So we call the reverse operation. And then when we print it, you see that Zach is first and then all the elements are properly reversed. So the question I had in the slides was what's the difference between this sort so calling the dot sort operation on a list versus the sort operation here. So the difference is that if you call the dot operation sort, then that will that will modify the original list and sort the elements within it. Versus if you call the sort function on your list that will create that will not modify the original list. But it'll create an entirely new list that is sorted. So that's the main difference. So when we print out the new sorted list right here, it's properly sorted where a it comes first and Z is at the end, both to double check that when we print the original list, it is still in its unsorted state. And then finally, we have the DIR function and what the DIR function does, you probably won't use it very often, but it allows you to pass in your list or whatever object type you want. And it tells you the list of valid attributes that you can call on your object. So that's what this is. This is just all the different functions that you can call or built in operations that you can call on them on whatever object you pass in. So you we saw earlier that we can call pop and remove and reverse. So just a handy way to see what what kind of functions you can call or what attributes you can call.