 Now that you've seen the class diagram for our Donut Decorator, I want to explain the main method code and how we actually instantiate all these different components and the decorators. So here, I'm going to be constructing my initial wheat Donut. So for this wheat Donut, it looks like this. So this green box represents my wheat Donut object. And then in that wheat Donut object, we have our description method. And then my my Donut kind of acts like a pointer. My variable, my Donut is kind of acting like a pointer to that wheat Donut object. So here we create our wheat Donut component. In the next line of code, I'm going to decorate my wheat Donut by adding some sprinkles to it. So what I do is I create a sprinkles object and I pass the my Donut into there. So in effect, the sprinkles object is a wrapper around my my Donut object. So visually, it looks like this. We still have the wheat Donut. And then now we've added a sprinkles object. And then inside of the sprinkles object, we are making the self dot component point to the wheat Donut. So you can see that it kind of looks like a linked list. And then that sprinkles object itself is now being saved into this my Donut variable slash pointer. So this is like a chain. So the my my Donut variable is pointing at a sprinkles object. And then inside of the sprinkles object itself, it has a self dot component, that's then pointing at the wheat Donut object. All right, so the next step, let's say then we add some gummies to this sprinkles dough. We donut. So then here we created gummies object. And again, we pass in that same my Donut object into the initializer. So here, the my my gummies object is here. And then self dot component is pointing at the previous sprinkles object. Because this my Donut was passed into here, which at the time was a sprinkles object. So here the self dot component is pointing at sprinkles. And inside the sprinkles, that self dot component is still pointing at the original wheat Donut. So here you have this pretty much like a linked list here. So my Donut points to gummies, gummies points to sprinkles and sprinkles points to wheat Donut. All right, so then the final step is let's make it do something. So then we have a print of whatever the description is. And the idea is that I want this to print out that this is going to be a wheat Donut with gummies and sprinkles. So in the note here, we're just saying that notice how starting from the my Donut variable, it kind of looks like a linked list. And the goal is we want to get the total description of the Donut by calling the myDonut.description. So let's trace this through. So the first thing that happens is we're going to call myDonut.description. And if you look at this diagram, we're going to start from myDonut. So currently myDonut is pointing at gummies. So the first thing we do is we're going to call the description method inside of the gummies. So we see I've expanded the description method. And we see that the code inside of there looks like the following. What we're going to do is we're going to call our self dot component description method. That's the first thing we do. So you see that if we look at what this is pointing at, self dot component is currently pointing at sprinkles. So before we do any of the rest of this code, we have to chain our call into the sprinkles object. So we jump into here. So we call these sprinkles description method. And this has the same code as well. So in this code, it's also calling self dot component dot description. And so currently self dot component is pointing at our wheat Donut. So if we follow the line, it means we have to call the description method inside of wheat Donut. So that's the next step. So now we've reached the end. At this point, the description method inside of wheat Donut, it just simply returns the string wheat Donut. So we've now reached the end of our linked list chain. So because we're at the end, we now have to return all the way back out. So now we're going to return the wheat Donut string. So here I'm representing that by this. We have our wheat Donut string as now being returned to this self dot component description line. So the return value is wheat Donut. Therefore we're going to append it with the plus symbol with the string sprinkles. So we now have wheat Donut plus sprinkles. And that itself is a string that's going to be returned back out to the gummies. So let's go to the next slide. So you see now we have wheat Donut sprinkles as the return string from our description call. So the result of this self dot component dot description method call is the string wheat Donut sprinkles. And now we're just going to append gummies to that string. And we return that statement. So when we finally get back out, this is the final full description that's printed out. So wheat Donut sprinkles gummies. So yeah, hopefully that really explains in depth into how this decorator pattern allows us to add behaviors. The next step is just to look at the code, the complete code of what this donut decorator code looks like.