 Our final big topic of today is filters. So luckily filters are very, very similar to maps. It's a very similar idea. Filters is a function that allows us to effectively map this function to a sequence, similar to maps. However, the one key difference is that for maps, the purpose is we want to apply this function to every element of sequence, and then that's it. We want to add all those elements into a map. But filter, as the name implies, is that we want to apply this function. But this function has to evaluate to true or false. So we apply this function to our false to every element in the sequence. And if the result of this function applied to the element is true, then we will add that element into our end result. If we apply this function to this element in the sequence and its false, then we don't add it. So in this diagram, for instance, let's say my sequence had these shapes. Circles, diamonds, triangles. And my filter says that I only want to get the shapes that are circular shaped. So in the end, we end up with this list that only has circular shapes. So see my idea. The sequence is our sequence of shapes. And our function is a function that evaluates to true or false. So in this case, our function is our filter that says, is this a circle object, true or false? And if it happens to be true, then we will add it to our list. So just to go through these notes, a filter function does exactly what the name suggests. Filters a number of elements from a given sequence. So the first argument is a function that needs to be a function that returns true or false. And this function is then applied to each element of the second argument, which is a sequence. If the result is false, the element skipped. Otherwise, it's included in the resultant filter object. And just like maps, this is an iterator. Yeah, just like maps, it's an iterator similar to what we saw before. And the filter function can only work with one argument and one sequence. So let's see an example. So for instance, in this case, let's say I have a list of numbers from one to 10. And I want to filter these numbers to only get me a list that has the even numbers. So the way that we can do this is once again, we're going to use a lambda to return true or false. So in this case, I'm going to generate a list of numbers from one through 10. So here have the list, create a new list, range one through 10, save it into num list. And then I have my filter function. So the filter function takes in two parameters. The second parameter is my sequence. So in this case, it's going to be my list of numbers. And then the first parameter is my function. So my function in this case is going to be my lambda function. And in this lambda function, I take in a single parameter because the purpose is I want to look at every single element in my number list. And for every element in my number list, I'm going to see if it is even. So again, if the result of this expression is true, then that number is going to be added into my filter. Otherwise, it's going to be skipped over. So after we save this filter result into my even num's filter variable, then we're going to do some things to it. So we can print out the type of our even num's filter. And it should tell us that the class of this variable is a filter class. And then if we then create a list from my even num's filter, you see that we have a list of only the even numbers. Okay. So in this case, instead of using a lambda, we're going to use a regular function instead. So notice how this is a bit different than the lambda version. So if I flip back very quickly, recall that for lambda expressions, we never have to have the return keyword here. That's this expression here is implicitly returned whatever we had. So when we say x modulo 2 equals equals 0, that will implicitly automatically return a true or a false without having the return keyword. So compare that to here where we're using a regular function. Here we have to explicitly have a return true or false here for this expression. So just to go over how this is a bit different, the only main difference is we created our own even function right here. And then down here when we call our filter function, we replace the lambda by just calling our even function directly. So notice that we're calling our even function, but we don't have the parentheses in here. Just it's just the name of the function. So even even without the parentheses. But otherwise the rest of this code is exactly the same. And functionally this does exactly what we want. Nothing's different. All right. So I have another challenge for you. So given a string, hello world, and a list of vowels, AEIOU, I want you to write a filter that only selects the characters that are not a vowel. So here I provide you the code. You have the string, hello world, and two prints down here. So I want you to write this specific non-val filter here. That's going to filter out all the vowels in this string. So you can pause the video while you think about this. All right. So here's a solution. So we have a string, hello world. And then we want to use our filter function. So our filter function takes in a sequence, which is going to be our string. So that's going to be the second parameter. And then the first parameter is going to be our lambda. So for our lambda, it takes in a single parameter, which is going to be every single character in our string. And our expression is very simple. All we're saying is if that character is not in our list of vowel characters, then we're going to add them to our filter. So you notice that when this expression evaluates to be true, then we're going to add that character into our filter list. And afterwards we're going to again, we're going to print out the filter type. And then we have to take our filter object, convert it into a list to finally print it out to the screen. So that's it for filters. Now that you know how to write lambda functions, maps, and filters, I want to bring something to your attention. The author of the Python programming language believes that lambda functions, filters, and maps should be taken out of Python. And the reason is is that he believes that everything we can do with maps and filters can be done using comprehensions and generators. And I've shown you this earlier in the code. When I showed you the map example, I showed you that you can do the exact same behavior using comprehensions. And the reason is because he believes that comprehensions and generators are more in line with the zen of Python. Zen of Python is just the philosophy of how we should program or write code in Python. So comprehensions and generators are more in line with that philosophy than filters and maps. But he's received a lot of resistance because the point of filters and maps is just another tool in your tool belt to achieve some result in a easier way. So just kind of bringing you this, bringing this to your attention that lambda functions are just an integral part of your toolkit. And you'll now that you know about filters and maps, you'll probably come across them in the real world. Speaking of the zen of Python, there's a bit of an easter egg in Python where if you run your Python commensual and type import this or you have import this and run this in PyCharm, then it's going to pop up this bit of a poem. And this is just explaining to you the philosophy behind how Python code should be written. And this is very important because now that you've written some advanced code, you have an understanding of how object oriented design can impact your program. And you have a whole bunch of different tools in your Python programming tool belt. You can finally appreciate what it means when we say Python. So try to understand what all these lines are saying and make it your philosophy in general when you're coding Python code.