 A while ago, I gave a brief talk about how variables and memory are handled a little bit differently in Python. And in the next few slides, I wanted to explain how function parameters are also handled a bit differently in Python as well. So here I have a code, I have some code where I have a function spam and this function takes in a list, a list of numbers called x. And for this list, I'm appending the number one to it. And then afterwards, I'm changing the value inside of this list to be a list of two, the numbers two and three. And then outside of that, I create a new list called ham that equals to a list with the value zero in it. I call my spam function and then I print. So first of all, I want us to assume that we are passing our parameters by value. And as a reminder, what pass by value means is that when I pass this list ham into this parameter, that this x becomes a copy of our initial parameter. So I know this is Python code, but let's assume that parameters are passed by value in this case. So let's just go through this line by line and see what happens. So by the way, this over here is just kind of visualizing what's happening in memory. So here when we execute this first line of code, we're seeing that we want to create a list that has the value zero in it. And then so we see that a new block of memory is created. That's a list with the value zero in it. And we have a variable ham that is pointing at it. Okay, so next we call our spam function. So in this spam function, we're passing in our list ham. And that's assigned to this eggs variable. So what's happening here is that a new piece of memory is created. That is a copy of our original ham contents. So we see the eggs also has a list with the value zero in it. So we're copying all that data over here. So we have a new eggs parameter. All right, so the next thing we do is when we call eggs.append, the number one, now we're just appending the number one into the eggs list. And notice that the ham list has not changed at all because we're dealing with the eggs parameter or variable instead. So notice eggs here is being appended with this code. The next thing we do is that now for our eggs variable, we're going to completely change it. We're going to change that list from zero and one to the values two, three instead. So here, notice that eggs is now has a value of two and three in its list. So the final thing is we want to call print ham. And then if we print ham, we see that ham only has the list of zero in it. So when we print this out, it's just going to print out that ham has the list with the value zero in it. So hopefully that makes sense so far in terms of this is what the output would be. When we print, if we're assuming that Python is passed by value. Okay, so now let's wipe that from memory. And let's assume now that Python was passed by reference instead. So as a reminder, what pass by reference means is that when you pass a parameter or variable into a function, that this eggs is actually referring to the original parameter that you're passing in. And things will be a little bit different. So again, let's go through it line by line. So when we start off, ham is equal to a list with the value zero. We create some memory over here. Ham points at a list of zero. Everything's the same so far. And then next thing we do, if you want to call our spam function, so we call our spam function, we pass in ham, which is our list. In this case, we're already a little bit different. Eggs now, it's not creating a copy of our ham list. Instead, eggs is now just pointing or referencing the same data. So notice here, ham and eggs variable are pointing at the same piece of memory, which is the same zero value list. So no copying is happening. Okay, so next thing we do, we call eggs.depend1. So then we add one to our list, nothing too crazy here. Notice though, that ham and eggs both have zero and one, because they're both pointing at the same piece of memory. So this changes the original value of ham that's assigned to. And the next thing we do is we say eggs is equal to the new list of two and three instead. So what that does is both ham and eggs now are pointing at a block of memory. That is a list of the values two and three. So again, this changes the original value of ham it's assigned to. So then when we exit our spam function and we call print, the value in this case, the value of ham is two and three. So hopefully see already that our value is different. So in the pass by value scenario, the value when we print out ham was zero. So our list that contains zero. But in the pass by reference case, the value that's in ham is a value two and three because we modify the values inside of our spam function. Okay, so hopefully you see that pass by value and pass by reference, give you two different print values at the very end. Okay, so I want to show you one more example. And that is how Python is handling it. And that's the reason why I'm calling it pass by question mark. Because Python does not do pass by value or pass by reference. It does something entirely different. So let's check this out. So here ham again equals to the list of zero. We could create a memory with ham pointing at a list of zero. That's the same. And then then we call this spam function. So spam we pass in the ham variable. That's gets captured by eggs. So in this case, eggs is a new variable and it's pointing at the same values as ham. So it's kind of like it's passing by reference right now. Eggs and ham are both pointing at the same object memory. There's no copying. So you see the ham variable and eggs variable are pointing at the same memory location. All right, so next step, eggs has a value one dependent to it. And this changes the original value of ham because they're both pointing at the same place. So ham and eggs both pointing at the same memory. And then eggs gets one dependent to it. Next thing we do though, notice something different. So here we say eggs is equal to the value of a list that has value two and three. So in Python, what happens when we do this line of code right here, is that an entirely new list is created that has value two and three. And then eggs is now pointing at that new piece of memory. So notice here an entirely new list of two and three is created. And then eggs is pointing at that. So then now when we exit our function and then we call print on the ham variable, we get the value of zero and one. Because notice here, ham is pointing at zero one. So notice this is a completely different value that we got compared to pass by value or pass by reference. So this is just to show you that Python has its own way of handling how we pass our parameters. So in the end, I would say it's almost like Python is doing a mixture of both where it seems like it's passing by reference initially. When when the eggs is pointing at the same value as ham, but then as soon as you assign eggs to a different value, eggs will then point at a new object instead. So that's the key thing. It behaves like pass by reference or Python behaves like pass by reference initially up until a point that you make your, your parameter equal to something else entirely. Then it behaves differently. All right. So final slide is a so what is it called? There's no real consensus honestly of what is called. You might see some of these ways that is called online like call by object, call by object reference, call by sharing pass by object reference, pass by assignment. But in the end, it's it's really none of pass by reference or value. So you might just see some people not bothering giving in a name because it's an entirely different concept from pass by value or pass by reference.