 Next we have the sequence diagram. So this presents the interactions between objects as a sequence of messages between objects. I know this diagram looks really complicated, but again we're going to go through each piece one by one. And while the previous collaboration diagram that we saw looks at the message passing from a structural approach, the whole idea of the sequence diagram is it represents all these message passing in a time-based perspective. And it includes the lifetime of interaction between different communicating objects. So let's check out each of these components one by one. So first we have the actor and typically this is the person that's interacting with the system. So they interact with all the different lifelines and objects in the system. It's some external subject, typically played by a human user, but it can be maybe an external piece of hardware or some other subjects. Then you have the subject itself, so that can be like a class. So this square represents a subject. And this dotted line is what we call a life line. That just represents the kind of place in line of an interaction. And this is denoted by the name of the class at the top box. And this dotted line indicates the place in line in the sequence of operations. Then you have the activations. So this blue rectangle right here is the life line. And that just says the duration of time that this object life line is active and doing some operation. So here for the dotted line, it just means it's exists, but it's not doing anything versus the blue one means that it's exists and it's doing something. Then you have the call message. So this is the main kind of point of communication between different lifelines is that this line with the arrow indicates that a message is being sent from this source to this destination. So we can kind of think of it as a method call to another object. And then return message is kind of self explanatory, but when this life line returns its result, then it returns it as an arrow back to this life line over here. And you can have loops as well. So let's say a function or object calls itself, then you just have this loop, which is a message to itself. And then this one over here is when you have a message that instantiates and a whole new target life line. So you see that this message created a whole new life line there. Okay, so let's bring it all together and see what we have. So we have our actor over here. We have our lifelines and each life line you see is attached to some kind of object or class at the top. So in this case, we have some user interface that our users interacting with. Then we have some main controller object here. This is like a list of routes. This looks like it's a booking system for an airline. And then this is like an airline route class. So typically for the sequence diagrams, they start at the top and then they end at the bottom. So let's start at the top and just follow these interactions. First, the user calls some interfunction with some date from and to times the route. And then they click on search. So you see there's two messages that are sent, one indicating some information and then the search operation. Then they send a message or the UI, I would say, the UI sends a message to the controller passing on the date from and to information to the controller. So then the controller sends a message to the routes to find the specific route. And then so this routing list does some operations. So this blue line is saying that it's working on something. After it's found the route, it returns it back to the main controller. And then the main controller will then send this message out to the get route details over here for that route. And then it's kind of weird how it doesn't return a line, but I'm guessing that's maybe part of the system. That's just the one way situation or maybe it did return it right away. But at some point the main controller gets the route data and then it's going to send that information back to the UI interface. At that point, the main controller is finished its operations. So that's why the blue line here or blue rectangle ends at this point. So it sends the information back out to the UI and then the UI is what the user sees. So the user sees the information on the screen here and then the user will then select a seat and then they'll click on book for that seat. So then the book, the booking is sent over here with the route ID, seat ID, the main controller takes it information and then maybe it calls another method here internally within the same class. After it does that, then it books a seat out to the route class over here. So maybe this route class exists in another system. That's why it's not returning data. And then after that we show a success to the UI and then at that point we've completed booking our flight. So then the UI lifeline ends here and then the user's lifeline ends here. So yeah, hopefully you can see that this sequence diagram shows the effect of time passing as the vertical component over here from start to end. So in general in terms of real world usage, I would say that of all the three different diagrams, class diagram, collaboration and sequence, I've definitely used class diagrams the most, the probably the most useful in just regular kind of program just to illustrate your thoughts and your structures to other developers. And I think I've only used sequence diagrams. So this one once in my life while I worked at EA. So I did both. I created a class diagram for my colleague to see to so that you can see the structure and layout of my system. And then after that I had to show them how I was going to call my functions over time. So then I created the sequence diagram to show them how I intended to call all my different functions and how things read it back. So I'd say overall class diagrams is probably the most useful for me. Second would be sequence and then I probably never use the collaboration in my career.