 Hey, class. Welcome back to lecture. So today we have two main topics. First is profiling. And second is our first official introduction into design patterns. But let's begin with profiling. In this next section, I'm really just trying to explain to you what profiling is, explain a lot of the terminology, explain why we use it, and then finally we'll delve into how we actually perform profiling in the console and within PyCharm itself. So let's dive right into a lot of the terminology. So first of all, what is profiling? So profiling is what we call it when we want to analyze our program's performance. So when we say performance, I mean that we're trying to analyze how much space our program is using, how much time it's using, how often specific instructions are called, and also how often and how long it takes to call our functions. And we say that profiling is a form of dynamic program analysis. In other words, then how we analyze the code is happening at runtime dynamically as it's running. And again, back to this where we're talking a lot of terminology, we use a profiler. So some other external third party library is called a profiler. We use a profiler to create a profile. So the profile is the statistical data that contains all this information that results after we analyze our program. And we use the profile. So all the statistical data about our code and how well it's running to help us optimize our program. So that's the overall flow. We use a profiler to analyze our code to produce a profile that has all the statistical data we need about how well our code is running. And then by analyzing this profile data, we can figure out ways to optimize our code to make our software run better, more dependably and faster. Okay, so let's jump into more of the terminology as well. So profiling works by instrumenting the program source code. And all instrumenting does is it measures the level of our product's performance. And instrumentation incorporates these fancy words, code tracing, debugging, debugging, performance counters, and logging. So don't worry about memorizing any of these. We're just kind of going through how things are working in the backend. And we profile our code, as we mentioned earlier, using a code profiler. And then what the profiler does is it uses a variety of methods, including the instrumentation that we mentioned earlier, to analyze our code. So it uses a bunch of methods like events, statistics, simulations, hardware interrupts, OS hooks, and performance counters. So again, just a bunch of terminology for you. And we don't have to worry about how to code any of these for the profiler. These are just part of a third party tool that we use to create our profile. So the profiler produces a profile. And all the profile is a statistical summary of all the events that have occurred in our code. So this has all the stats about how often calls were made, how long instructions took. And in some other profilers, they might show these statistics alongside our source code. So it won't look like this for us, but here's just an image to give you an example. So here's we have some source code in the middle. We have our line numbers here. And an example of a profile is over here. So this profiler is saying that this line of code was executed 55 times. This one is executed 32 times. This one's 55 times. So this gives you an idea of how often our lines of code are executed. And if this is in line with what we expect. So other things that profilers provide us is something called a trace. And a trace is just a stream of recorded events as our program is being executed. And we often use these traces for parallel programs to figure out how how things are working in real time. But for our simpler programs where they're more sequential, a final summary profile is enough. So in this image, it's the Unity game engine where as you're running your game, a bunch of grass are getting shown. And these grass are indicating different usages. So we have CPU usage, GPU usage memory, and some resources at the bottom. And because this is happening in real time, you can see if there's a certain spike when certain things happen in your game. And if that spike is expected, or it's not not expected. So overall, what happens is that we have our profiler that runs during our program's execution. And then the issue is that when we do this, when we are running our profilers, we should keep in mind that it takes time for our profiler to actually measure our code. And in this measuring process, we might add some time measurement error. And that's why we say that the resolution or accuracy of the time that we report in a profile is limited, meaning it might not be as accurate as we say it is. But it's still very, very useful for us. So as an example, let's say that we're just running our code regularly without a profiler. And it takes two seconds to run our code under the regular circumstances. And then when we do add a profiler to it to analyze our code, our code takes 2.01 seconds. And the reason it's taking this extra time is because the profiling itself, it must kind of pause our program for a second and interrupt it to check all of its measurements and then record events. So obviously, it doesn't matter that we added a 0.01 seconds to our runtime because that the tradeoff is so much greater that we can analyze our resulting profile. So that's why we say that the resulting profile that we get at the end, it's still very helpful for us, even though we have to trade off a little bit of performance when we run our profiler with it. So speaking of profilers, there are two different types of profilers available. There's statistical profiling and deterministic profiling. How statistical profiling works is it randomly samples the instruction pointer and then it deduces where time is being spent. And because it's not looking at every single execution and timing everything precisely, there's a lot less overhead because it doesn't require all this instrumentation. But the downside is that it only provides a relative indication of where the time was spent. And just so you know the Python profiler does not use statistical profiling. The opposite is deterministic profiling. In this version, it's going to monitor every single function call function return exception event. And as a result of this has very precise timing of the intervals between these events. And hopefully you can see that because we're measuring everything, it's going to require much more overhead. And this in itself might skewer results. But typically it's not a problem. This is the problem I mentioned earlier where the profiler itself might add some time to our program execution. But that's okay. And this is the version of the profilers that Python uses. So we're going to be using C profile specifically. And yes, Python profilers do use a deterministic profiling. So overall, it's great. So now you know what profiling is, how the process works and what kind of profiles that we're going to use. But overall, how does profiling help us? Well, its main point is to provide a statistical data to figure out which areas of code are being called and how much time is taken for all these calls. And then by looking at this data, we can tease out some information. So for instance, we can look at the call count statistics. So call count is how many times some area of our code is called. And by looking at the call count, we might be able to identify maybe certain spikes of calls. So we have a function and we're calling it 10 times more than we expected to be called. That might indicate that there might be a bug. So by identifying strangely high call counts, it allows us to figure out or identify areas where bugs can occur. The second is inline expansion points. So let's say that we have a function and it's being called 100 times, which is a lot, let's say. But we look at our code and we realize that, hey, that's actually perfectly fine. Our function call should be called 100 times. And but we realize that it's working as expected, but maybe we can optimize it. Maybe we don't want to actually call a function 100 times. So one thing we can do instead is that instead of writing a function, let's just take the code in that function and then paste it wherever it needs to be used. The reason why I do this is because function calls themselves are an expensive operation because you have to put the code from the function into a call stack, execute the code in the call stack, then take this the code off the call stack. And all this this movement from two and from the call stack takes up a lot of time. So if you realize that a function is called very often, let's just move that code from the function outside so that we can avoid having to call the call the call stacks often. So that's what this inline expansion points is calling or is is referring to. Next is internal time statistics. So internal time statistics is just a fancy way of saying, how much time it takes to run the code inside a function. And if you find that you have a very high internal time statistics, that means that for some reason it's taking a lot of time to call the code in a specific function. And then by identifying that, then we can go in and try to figure out is there like a strange loop happening in there? What is happening? So that what again, identify possible bugs. The other one is cumulative time statistics. So as in the cumulative word implies, this means that it's a sum of times. So we're adding up a bunch of times for a bunch of function calls. So maybe you have five functions that together is taking more time than you expected, or you might have a function that has a bunch of sub functions that is taking longer to execute than you expect. So this can help us identify maybe high level errors or flaws in our algorithm. So to summarize how does profiling help? It helps by exposing areas of our code that are slow, or running slower than we think, and allowing us to optimize our code and make it run faster, and more dependable, and also exhibit the same behavior as it did before.