 I'm a pretty big gamer, so in this example, we're just going to simulate a game where we have different enemy types as such as trolls and spiders and also a player. Then we're going to be able to have the different characters take damage and attack each other and print a bunch of output. So let's check that out. Okay, so here we begin with our top level base class called enemy. And in this enemy class, I have this initializer right here that's taking in several parameters. So again, all methods in a class have self. So we have self first and then we have three different parameters for name, lives and health. If you're wondering what this equals is, this is a way for us to set a default value for our parameters in case someone doesn't pass in a parameter. But this isn't necessary. So we can delete all these and it would be fine. But this is just in case we want some default values. Okay, so then down here we are declaring and initializing a bunch of member variables in our class. So for name, lives, health and original health. Then we have a take damage function. So this is a way for us to reduce the health of our players. So we take in some damage number. We subtract our health by that damage number. And then if our health happens to be less than or equal to zero, then we're going to subtract the number of lives and then reset the health back to some original health value. Then we do some printouts here. And then finally, we have our overwritten string function. Again, this is like the two string function in Java. And then in this string function, we're just printing out a bunch of information that we have about our enemy. Okay, so here's our first look at inheritance. So we here we have our troll enemy. And it's inheriting from our enemy base class. So what that means is this troll will then be able to inherit all these properties and like this take damage function from the parent. So then for our troll enemy, what we're doing is that again, we have some init initializer. And also again, we take in three different parameters for name, lives and health. But in this case, the extra functionality for a troll is they have the ability to dodge some damage if they're being attacked. So we have this dodge chance variable. So then for this dodge chance variable, we add a new member variable here. So we create a new self dot dodge chance member variable and then set it. And then for the rest of the name, lives and health, we're just going to call super to initialize it. So super will call the parent enemy's object and then call its initializer to set our name, lives and health. So this is good proper programming where we're reusing code where possible. And then we have a speak function that allows our troll to just print out grunt. And then we have, in this case, we're going to be overriding our take damage function. So we did inherit the take damage function from our parent enemy enemy parent, but we're just going to be modifying a little bit. So we just override the take damage function. And you can see that this signature is the same. It still takes in self as a parameter and damage. But we're going to handle things a little bit differently. So first is that we're going to be able to dodge. So dodge allows us to completely ignore damage if we happen to dodge properly. So this piece of code just gets a random number and assigns it to dodge. And then we print out that dodge chance. And if this random number happens to be greater than our dodge chance, then we we're going to call super to take damage. So this super take damage code will call the one that we have in our parent. So that's going to call this regular take damage code. Otherwise, if dodge happens to be less than the dodge chance, then we we successfully dodge the attack and we don't take any damage. So then we just print out this message. And then so the troll also has a two string string method that we're overriding. And we're just printing out the the original super string. So right here, that's the original super string. And we're just adding the additional dodge chance to it. So then let's look at the player. So player does not inherit from enemy or troll is a completely separate class. And it also has an initializer that takes in a name, lives and health. And then we're just setting all the variables here. And it also has its own take damage function very similar to the enemy. Except that in this case, we're just subtracting from our the damage from our health. And then sitting outside of all this is a deal damage function. So this deal damage function is not in any of the classes. It's just an extra function that's just sitting outside the scope of the classes. So we take in some parameter. And then for that kind of object, we call the take damage function on it. So this is probably something that's a little bit new to all of you, because we're used to having to type all these. So we have to give this a type like enemy or player or something, right? So again, part of the power of Python is you don't have to type your parameters. The type of this is inferred based on whatever parameter we pass in. So our intention behind this function is we're going to be passing in enemies, trolls, and players into this. So we're just we're just assuming that's what we're going to pass in. And because we're passing those types, we're also assuming they have a take take damage function. So here we're assuming that the enemies, trolls, players are passed in. And whatever pass is passed in, we're going to blindly call the take damage function on them. So in this case, we're just simulating that they're taking seven damage. Okay, so then we finally enter our main. So in the main code, we're going to instantiate all these different types of objects and then kind of do some logic on them. So first we're going to create a spider. So the spider is going to be of the enemy class. And then we give it a name spider and then save it into our spider variable. So then we're going to print out information about the spider and see what type it is. So let's just run this and kind of walk through the output as we're going along. Okay, so when we print out the spider, we see this output here. And then when we print out the type of the spider, it correctly tells us the spider is of the enemy class. Then we call the spiders take damage function. So we're explicitly calling take damage function within the spider class itself. And the spider took seven damage, which is fine. Here we're creating a mutant rat. So in this case for mutant rat, I'm explicitly setting some extra parameters for them. So I forgot what these were, but we had the name. What was it? We had the name lives and health, right? So the mutant rat has two lives and the health of 10. So the reason we didn't have to pass those in for spider up here is because we had default arguments. So if we only passed in spider as the name here, then the spider by default will only have zero lives and zero health. So that's why it's great to have default parameters, default values for our parameters. Okay, so back to the mutant rat. So the mutant rat is going to take 15 damage. So we see that it took to 15 damage and then its health has now changed. Let's see, one second. So the mutant rat started off with two lives, 10 health, right? And it took 10, 15 damage. So now it went down from two lives to one life. So it died once, so it went from two to one and it has health of 10 again. Okay, so now let's move on to the troll. So the troll is named voodoo, has four lives and a hundred health. So we see that voodoo is right here. Sorry, right here. And then the type of it is a troll. So it has the troll class type, which is great. Okay, so then we tell it to take some damage. And in this case, the dodge chance was greater than, I think, point one. So it did take some damage. So voodoo took some damage and we see that the health decreased from 100 to 80. And then we call it to speak, then it just grunts. Okay, so now we're just showing some polymorphism code right here. Remember that we created this deal damage function outside the scope of all of our classes. So in this case, we're just going to call deal damage function on our spider and the player. And you see that no matter whether I pass an enemy spider rat troll or player, it works. So here I'm passing in spider and you see that the spider took seven damage and then here for player one, I'm creating a player one and then I'm also passing it into the deal damage function. So you see that player one also took damage. I can probably also pass in the troll as well. So voodoo troll and that would also take damage. So to run it again, you see here just by passing in the troll, I'm also taking damage there. And so finally, how do you check the type and inheritance? You can do some cool things here. This is saying that you're asking is this instance of your or is is this variable instance? An instance of this class. So it is troll part of the enemy class. And in this case, you can say that yes, it's true that voodoo troll is an instance of enemy. And then here we're trying to figure out if a troll the troll class is exactly the same as an enemy class. So we see we're typing out troll type, troll type. And here we're just printing out the class type of the voodoo troll variable. So we're just saying that the voodoo troll variable is of the troll class. And we're asking if this troll class is equal to the enemy class. So we're printing out the type enemy is equal to troll. We can this is probably equivalent to me typing this is the enemy class the same as the troll class. So it's not exactly true. troll is a subclass of enemy. So that's why when we run this code, it'll print out false that the enemy and troll class are different even though they're under the same inheritance structure. So hopefully this code example kind of really makes it much clearer as to how inheritance works.