 Hey class, welcome to Lectures. Today I'm very excited to finally talk about the solid design principles and the law of Demeter. Generally, it's always good to just step away from the really technical programming that we really do and think about how we code from a higher level to write good, maintainable and decalple code. And that's what all the solid design principles are all about. So let's just jump into a bit of recap and review to set up the stage for these design principles. So hopefully you remember this example that we talked about from last class, where we wanted to create a system that can read different files into a UI. So here we have our user interface and that user interface gets its information from a text file class. And that text file class can specifically have the ability to read, write and search from a text file alone. And this is fine for a while. But then later on we decide that, hey, we want to extend the functionality of this class or the system as a whole to not only read from text files, but to also read from JSON files and SQL life files. And the issue with this code is that this UI interface is what we call highly coupled to this specific class, meaning that this UI class is directly communicating to this concrete text file class. And the reason that's a problem is because if we make any changes in this class, these changes will also trickle back and make it so that we have to make changes in the UI class. So our solution to this issue is we say that we want to decouple our dependencies. So our UI class was previously here coupled to our text file. So the way that we can decouple it is we say that our UI class, instead of directly talking to the text file down here, we make the UI class instead depend on this abstract interface called data source. And then what that means now is that the UI doesn't care what these concrete implementations are down here. All it cares is that it is going to talk to this abstract class to get its data. So it's going to call these functions retrieve, update search and delete. But the UI class doesn't care that in order to do those things, ultimately in the end, we have to implement or call these functions. So just to go through this, we can decouple our system to depend on our abstract data source right here. And that abstract data source will hide all the different actual concrete data sources, which are the text file, SQL, light and JSON files here. And the way that we do that is that our UI just has to depend on one common interface, which is this, these functions are a common interface provided by the data source. And the UI is therefore not concerned with how the data source is actually implemented down in this code. So the reason I'm bringing back this example as a review is that this specific example actually implements at least three of the solid design principles that we're going to learn about today. So I'm pretty excited about getting into them. And hopefully after today's lecture, just by looking at this diagram, you'll be able to identify which design principles this system now implements. So one more piece of review I want to talk about is back to coupling, because that's still a pretty new concept. It's just explaining what dependencies and coupling are, why do we have to be aware of them, and why are they undesirable? And once again, the whole idea of a dependency is whenever one entity needs to use another entity. If we have a class A, and then somewhere in the code in class A, they call class B, that we call that we say that entity A is using it to be, and therefore A is said to be dependent on B. So inherently there's nothing wrong with dependencies. We need dependencies in order for our system to work, because we rely on different objects calling other objects. The issue comes when we start to have coupling. And coupling is a strong former dependency. And the way that we can identify coupling is if anything changes in B, and that means that these changes trickle down to entity A, then that means that there's strong coupling. So if entity A is coupled with entity B, then entity A will not be able to function without entity B, even if it's replaced by another similar entity. So entity A would need to be completely refactored to use the new entity. So if you run into this situation, then we say that we have coupling, and coupling is just a strong form of dependency, which we definitely want to try to avoid. So yeah, we usually want to avoid this as it hinders us from creating flexible, dynamic, and maintainable code. And the reason I'm bringing this idea up is the whole idea behind solid design principles is one of its main tasks is we want to avoid coupled code. So by following these design principles, hopefully we will write code that is highly decoupled instead. So you can create code that's maintainable, decoupled, and flexible object or code. And it was created by Robert C. Martin, also known as Uncle Bob. Pretty much the idea is you had a whole bunch of senior developers that have come across a whole set of common problems. And they've decided that, hey, amongst these problems, we can develop these design principles that can alleviate a lot of these issues. And the reason it's called the solid design principles is this is just an acronym for five separate design principles. So we have the single responsibility principle with the S, open, close principle with the O, Liscov substitution principle, the L, interface segregation principle, the I, and dependency inversion principle with the D. So together they form the solid design principles. So I know the words are all fancy and they probably don't make sense right now. But let's go through them one by one and hopefully it'll make much more sense.