 In our final topic today, we're going to talk about object-oriented programming principles. Object-oriented programming is just a programming paradigm that uses abstraction to create models based on the real world. And we do this by using several techniques from previously established paradigms. These include modularity and abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism. And we're going to go through each of these concepts one at a time. Let's begin with encapsulation. Uncapsulation is our way of putting our data and its functionality into one location. And we wrap this up in some impenetrable barrier privacy. For example, a class wraps up a whole bunch of data members and methods, or a module. In other words, a file wraps up all the code that's related to one singular purpose. This makes it so that any state changes are reliable and predictable. Related to this is information hiding. This allows us to make a distinction between what is private. In other words, how a class achieves its behavior and how it's implemented, and what is public. Or in other words, what you need to know in order to use the class correctly. This makes it so that the inner working of how a class behavior works is inaccessible. And we only expose what is absolutely necessary to the outside world. An encapsulated object can be thought of as a black box. What happens on the inside of the black box are completely unknown to the outside client object. All the client knows is to access some public methods, and it's then the job of those public methods to manage the instance data of the object. Another way of explaining this is information hiding. We want to hide all the happenings of the inside of this box to the outside world, except for whatever public methods that we give. At some point you do want to be able to allow other clients, objects, or functions to access your class. You don't want to make everything private. The whole point of good object-oriented programming design is centered around creating meaningful and maintainable interfaces. So at some point you want to create some public methods, or in other words, the object's interface, that your client will be able to access. So in this diagram we're saying that we have methods and data that are internal to this class, but at some point we want to expose, in the three separate points, that our client, object, or function can finally access to make this object do something useful. As you've seen in the previous slide, we like to expose a public interface, because this is how we interact with an object. But some elements of our objects need to be private. And generally we see that the implementation is private. In other words, an object's data, or the data members of your class, are conceptually private. And the way that we can enforce this is when we create our data members, we should not generate accessors and mutators for every instance variable. And it's only the fields that we do want to expose that we do create accessor methods. And if you want to modify them, then we add mutator methods as well. In Python, we can enforce privacy with some naming conventions, using the underscore or to be even more strict, the double underscore. And a private method is only intended to be used by other methods in a class. So it's not intended to be visible or accessible outside the class. Whereas a private variable, same idea, it's only intended to be used inside the class or the class method, and it's not intended to be visible or modified from outside the class. So here's an example of some code where I've made a private method. So here we have our visibility class that has a public function. And again, by default, all functions or methods are public. And then here we have our private method. So we know it's private because we have the double underscore or dunder in front of our method. And then finally, we have some other method right here. So in this other method, it can access both the regular public function, right here, public function, and this private function right there. And so somewhere else in my code, I'm going to make an instance of my visibility class called v. And then the way that I can call my public function is just call v dot public function. And then if I want to maybe indirectly access the private function is I can call v dot other function. But again, this other function is public by default. But if I want to directly call the private function right here and I try to call the code like this, then I'm going to get an error. It's going to see visibility object has no attribute dunder private. So nice to know in case you ever want to create private methods. Another key aspect of object oriented programming is abstraction. And this is the idea that you have one large problem that you divide into multiple subproblems. And for each of these subproblems, you further divide them into sub subproblems. And you keep doing this over and over again until eventually you end up with a problem that's so small that you can code a solution to each of these subproblems. Then in the end, you end up with a whole bunch of small solutions where you don't really care about the details of how they were solved. But in the end, when you combine all the individual small solutions and combine them up, you have hopefully solved that one big problem that you started off with. Modularization is related to abstraction. So if abstraction is all about breaking down a problem into multiple smaller subproblems and solutions, then modularization is all about how do these individual solutions communicate with each other and interact to eventually solve our larger problem. So encapsulation is all about classes and objects, whereas modularization is about the system and the bigger picture. So how do these individual classes and objects interact with each other to solve our problem? And each of these modules is built separately. They encapsulate data with all the methods that act on it. So these can be functions or multiple classes. They can be examined separately. And they interact in well-defined ways. And this is what building a system is all about. It's about deciding when do we split a class or object into multiple classes or when do we maintain an entity or class as one. Finally we have probably one of the most important concepts of object winter programming, which is polymorphism. And polymorphism is the ability of our system object functions or code to function differently and be context aware. When we say context aware, all that means is that if we're given the same interface or command, your code will behave differently based on what kind of data and environment is working with. So the example here is the plus symbol. In the case that we're adding the numbers 5 and 4, it will use arithmetic to add 5 and 4 together to create 9. But in the case where we're adding two strings together, so if the string 5 and string 4, it won't add them up using arithmetic, it'll concatenate them. So it'll append 5 with 4. So we end up with the string 54 instead. In this case, the plus operator behaves like it has polymorphism. And we'll explain what duck typing is later on in the course, but duck typing is one way to exhibit polymorphism. This brings us to inheritance and polymorphism, which is probably the most important part of object winter programming. Polymorphism gives us absolute control over every source code dependency in our system. What this allows us to do is write modules that contain high level policies, which are separate from modules that contain low level details. And in turn, this lets us use abstraction and modularization to make code that is both independently flexible, maintainable and growable. Don't worry too much if you don't understand what's happening on this specific slide. I'm just trying to give you a top level overview of the kind of systems and code that are possible. Once you fully understand inheritance, polymorphism, design patterns, and idioms, pretty much all the good stuff that we're going to learn about in this course. So that's it for today. I know it was a pretty heavy class because we finally learned about classes and kind of design principles for our classes. So we're good to continue on Friday talking about ranges and slices, scoping, inheritance, abstract base classes, and eomalt diagrams.