 Hey, glass. So welcome to your first online lecture for comp 3522. We're going to begin by introducing why we want to use Python this term. So why do we want to use Python? Well, it's a relatively modern language. It was created in 1991 and it's updated every few months. It's incredibly easy to learn and there's a ton of support on the internet. There's a large and comprehensive standard library and it supports multiple programming paradigms. The one that we're most interested in is the object oriented programming paradigm, but also supports functional and procedural programming and unlike Java and C++, which are compiled languages. Python is an interpreted languages, which is really cool. It means that every time you run your program, you don't have to wait for the compiler to compile your code, turn it into byte code and run it. It just runs as is because it's interpreted on the spot. So Python is also dynamically typed, but at the same time, it is a very strongly typed language. So you'll see later on that we don't specifically, or we don't have to specifically type our variables, but all the types are interpreted on the fly. And we kind of say that the batteries are included, meaning that there's a large standard library that comes with a lot of great documentation. Comp 3522 is your second object oriented programming course. And the concepts that you learned here can be applied to any object oriented programming language. And so far, we've been teaching this course in other C++ or Python, but Python is on the rise. And it's one of the leading languages that implements the object oriented programming paradigm. And according to this specific index, Python is the third most popular programming language. And as most recent as December 2020, the first C second is Java and third, as you see, is Python. Just like any other language, we don't want to program everything from scratch. So Python has its own set of libraries and frameworks from the standard library that's built right into Python to other specific libraries and frameworks that you need to import from external sources to achieve some specific task. So Django for web development, numpy for machine learning, tensorflow for AI, and all these other tasks as well.