 Let's continue our look at generators with the Fibonacci sequence. As a reminder, the Fibonacci sequence is a mathematical concept, where each number in the sequence is generated by summing up the previous two numbers. So let's say we begin with zero and one. To create the next number in the sequence, we have to add up zero and one. So we add up zero and one, we get one. To get the next number in the sequence after that, we take the most two most recent numbers, one and one, add them up to get two. And then after that, continuing, we add up the most two most recent numbers, one and two to get three and so on and so forth. And this goes on forever. And imagine that I wanted us to reproduce this functionality with a function that returns the next number in the Fibonacci sequence every time it's called. So we might be able to do this by having some static or global variables in my program to keep track of the numbers or I might have to write a class. So in this class, I have some instance variables that keep track of my current and previous numbers. And then I have some get next Fib method to return the next number in the sequence. Or now that we know about generators, we can use generators instead. So this is how we would write an infinite Fibonacci generator. Every time we call next Fib, Fib being my generator object, it'll give the next number in the Fibonacci sequence. So let's break down what this code is doing. Here I have my Fibonacci sequence function. And then in this Fibonacci sequence, I have to keep track of the current and previous number. So that's what these two numbers are. We always begin with zero and one. And then because this is going to be an infinite Fibonacci sequence generator, I'm just going to have this wild true loop here. It's going to happen forever. Now what's preventing it from being an infinite loop is I'm going to have this yield statement here. So this is saying I'm going to yield or return my current number. And then the next time this generator is called, it's going to continue executing this line and then back to the beginning of the loop. So then the logic to actually generate the next number of the sequence happens on this line. So this is saying that I have my previous and current variables. The current variable is going to be saved into previous. And then previous plus current is going to be saved into current. So what that means is that the value of current keeps changing over time. So the next time I call my Fibonacci sequence, it's going to return the new current value and then keep going on forever as long as we're calling our generator. So then we have to write some code to create our generator then. So here the way that we create the generator is we call our function Fibonacci sequence with the parentheses and then save that into a variable. So this in itself is our generator object. Fib is our generator object. And then on this for loop, let's say that I want to generate 100 numbers in this Fibonacci sequence. So then I have this 4x in range 0 to 100. I'm going to print out this code right here. So again, what this code is doing is it's saying that I'm going to call my Fibonacci generator kind of like it's an iterator. So every time next is called, it's going to call this Fibonacci generator and keep going through this yield code over and over and over again for 100 times. So then the output of this is going to be this proper Fibonacci sequence number. All right, so so far I've shown you how to create generators using functions and the yield statement. But what if I told you there's an even better way of using generators where we can write our code in even more of a concise format. It's much more readable. So this diagram is saying that so far we've learned about class-based iterators. They're very big. You have to write a proper class with overwriting the next protocol and the iter method. Then I told you about generator generator functions that have the yield statement in here. So that's a little more concise but it's still kind of big. So then over here on the right side, this is the most concise generator expressions which we're going to learn about next. And you'll see that generator expressions look very similar to list comprehensions. So they're very similar to list comprehensions in terms of their syntax. Centratically, it's exactly the same with the exception that now we use the parentheses. So the parentheses right here instead of the square brackets. So if you recall, list comprehensions always use the square brackets on the ends of the expressions to create a list from whatever code we're generating inside of here. The only difference is that now we're using the parentheses instead. So these are not as flexible as generator methods. So the, let's say, this that we've learned before. Generate expressions are not as flexible as this one, but they are very, very clean. And when I say they're not as flexible, it's because these generators, these generator expressions cannot be reused as easily. So they generally come in this form. Hopefully you're familiar with this at this point, thinking back to list comprehensions. You have some kind of input for loop in the middle. And then you have some condition, if condition on the right side. And then you have some resulting value you have on the left side. And that's going to be all wrapped up in a generator. So let's look at some examples. So you get a better idea of how this works. Let's say this is our activity. We want to access all the even numbers from 0 to 100. And for those even numbers, we want to multiply them by 5. And then we want to print out the result. By using a generator instead of a list, comprehension, we save a ton of memory. And just so you know, whenever we use the range function in Python, they themselves use generators in their implementation. But all the rules of a generator don't apply to ranges. But anyways, let's figure out how we're going to solve this specific problem using a generator expression. So it looks like this. We have our input, which is for every number in a range 0 to 100, if our number happens to be even, then we're going to take that even number and multiply it by 5. And then we're going to wrap this in a generator expression, which is represented by the parentheses. And then save that to gen EXP. So again, the whole purpose of the generator versus list comprehension is that this logic is not actually generating 100 numbers, taking up the memory and then saving that into here. What this is doing is it's creating an object that has this logic built into it and then saved into gen X EXP. And then later on, when we have this for loop, then every iteration through this for loop we're actually going to generate new numbers as we're going along instead of taking up memory. So what this for loop does is it's going to run this expression inside of our generator until it's fully exhausted. Or in other words, it's going to run it 100 times because we stated it has 100 values in it. So you might be wondering why I've I've bolded and underlined this okay way of doing this. This is an okay or acceptable solution to this specific problem. And the reason I said it's only okay is because if we create a generator expression like this, then it's not reusable, meaning that once we execute and iterate over gen XP a single time through this for loop, then we can't iterate it over gen XP again. It'll produce no output. So a better way of doing it would be to actually take our code, so take this expression right here, this generate expression, and then put it inside of a function instead. So notice this expression is a little bit changed, but the the spirit of it is there. We still have a for loop and we're iterating over some start and stop range. We're still checking if it's even and then here we're taking that number and multiplying it by a multiplier instead of the hard code value of five. So but overall what I want to show you is that this expression is now inside of a function instead. It's inside of this gen even multiplies function. And this function has made our generator a little bit more, I guess, more variable. We can give it some parameters multiplier, multiplier here, start and stop there. Not only that, but we also added this new statement yield from here. And what we're doing is we're creating a generator expression, which is this code inside the parentheses here, creating a generate expression inside of a generator function. So this is a function and we know it's a generator because it has a yield statement. So it's a generate expression inside of a generator. What this allows us to do is we can then instantiate this generator function multiple times and make it more reusable. So just so you know whenever you put generator expressions inside of generator functions, you must have this from statement. This from statement is explicitly telling Python that we want to wrap this generate expression inside of this generator. Otherwise it won't quite work properly. So after that you still have your for loop here, where you can call your generator function, gen even multiples, and then pass in your parameters or your arguments however you want. So it makes our generator expression much more flexible. So notice how we wrapped the generator expression in a generator function. And just keep in mind that when we're calling generators within generators, we have to use the yield from keyword to maintain the yield functionality. If you only have yield and not yield from this won't work properly. All right, so let's kind of end things off by showing you a bunch of different generator examples. Okay, so this first one is our Fibonacci sequence number. I showed you this in the lecture slides, but we haven't actually showed you it in code. So I'm just going to run this first to show you that all things work. So in my Fibonacci sequence we have the current and previous values. See these are just used to keep track of what my current and previous numbers are. And then again, this is supposed to be an infinite loop of Fibonacci sequence numbers. So we have a wild true and then we have our yield current value. So again, this will return the current value and then pause execution after. The next time our Fibonacci sequence is called, this logic is executed to increment the value of my sequence. So here current, the current value saved in the previous and the previous plus current is saved into current. And then the way that we actually make this all work is we create an instance or we're not, I shouldn't say create an instance, we call our Fibonacci sequence function and we save it into our Fib object. And then we call that Fib object as if it was an iterator by calling next Fib. And I want to generate 100 numbers in my Fibonacci sequence. So that's why I have this for loop that goes over 100 times. And then I'm just calling print on this Fibonacci generator and then just formatting it properly by having some commas. And you see in this printout right here, we get a whole bunch of numbers in the Fibonacci sequence. All right, this really should say 100, so I'm doing 100. There you go. Let's run this one again. Okay, cool. So now it's good. The next example I want to show you is I want us to compare list comprehensions versus generator expressions. So again, list comprehensions are a way for us to generate a list from an existing list. So here's our list comprehension. And the whole purpose of this is I'm going to generate 100 numbers and then for all the even numbers, I'm going to add them to my list. So we generate a number i, that is even and that's going to be constantly appended to a list. So you know what's a list because we have the square brackets at the beginning and end. And what this is saying is I'm going to print out the type of my even num variable and then show you how big this variable is in terms of memory. So this printout is this here. So saying that we are creating a list object and it's taking up 260 bytes in memory. Compare that to a generator expression. So notice that this expression in here is exactly the same as the expression in here. The only difference is I'm wrapping the expression differently. So I'm using the parentheses on the beginning and end compared to the square brackets on here for this comprehension. So for my generate expression, I'm saving it into my even num generator. And here I'm doing the same thing. I'm printing out the type of the generator and the size and bytes of the generator. So you see that we are creating a generator type object and takes up significantly less space than my even number generator. Okay, just for fun, let's just print out everything. So for I in even num gen print I and let's have a common comma like that. Under the same thing for the even num gen. So I'm going to run this again. Oops, bad notation ends with N. Notice it again. N equals. There you go. So this shows you that both of them should generate a bunch of numbers. Let me see if I can go all the way. Yep, they both generate a bunch of numbers. But one of them takes up significantly less space than the other one. And let me just format this properly. Print. There we go. Yep, so both of them both the list comprehension and the generator expression both generate the same numbers. So you see that generate up to 98. However, the generator takes up only 56 bytes whereas the list takes up 260 bytes. And that's because the list version actually saves all these numbers in memory whereas the generator creates an object that has the logic to generate these numbers instead of actually saving them into memory. All right, so then we have the generate expression to filter warnings. So in this one, I believe I'm doing the same thing I did before where I had my log file that has a bunch of lines where some of them are have the warning text in them. And then I'm just showing you that you can very easily create a generator that's going to take out only the lines with warnings and then print them to the screen. So the way that we do that is we create a function called warning filter generator takes in the file object and then I just have this generator expression right here. So for every line in my file object, if it can if that line contains the warning string, then we're going to print out that line. And so also notice here that this is a generated expression, but it's within a generator function. So whenever I do that, I have to remember to call yield from instead of just yield or else it won't quite work properly. So if we see, hold on. So down here, all I'm doing is I'm opening up my file just like I would any other file. And then I'm passing the file that I opened up into my generator function. So just to show you, this is my generator function. I'm passing in the log file into here. And then saving that into the filter variable. And then the way I call it is I'm just calling this filter generator to print out every single warning line that it has generated for us. So for every line in filter, print out all the warning lines. And then you'll see that it has properly printed out all the warning lines that are in my log file. And let's just see what happens if I don't have yield from. So I'm going to change this one from yield from into just yield. Let's just see what happens. So in this case, it kind of just prints out. I think what it does is it actually just prints out or it yields and returns me the whole generator. I think this line just gives me the generator and that's it. So that's why you have some kind of it looks like a memory address or something here. So this is kind of saying I want to yield, but not just yield this one line, not yield this line, but yield from within every line that's generated within this generator expression. Okay, so we're near the end of our talk on generators. So this is more of the code that we just saw. So to summarize back to this initial diagram, now you pretty much know all you need to know about iterators, comprehensions, and generators. So to go over this diagram, you know about iterators for sure, where an iterator is an object that that's purpose in life is to go over all the elements in an iterable. So iterable is something that contains a whole bunch of elements, like a list or a dictionary. List or dictionary are iterables and then when you call it the iter function on them, you get an iterator and using the iterator, you can call next on it to lazily produce the next value in the sequence. So then we saw in the lecture from before that when we created comprehension, which is just a new list or our dictionary from existing dictionary, that itself produces a container and that container itself is an iterable object. So all these things down here are iterable objects. And so what we've learned today is a generator. So you know you have generator functions and we also know about generator expressions. And both of these type of generators are generators. So from a generator, we know that whenever you create a generator, then this is always an iterator. So all this is saying is that whenever you create a generator, then that generator object itself is an iterator. And because it's an iterator, that's why we can call the next function on all the time. So hopefully this diagram summarizes kind of everything we've gone through so far in terms of iterators, comprehensions, and generators. Okay, so final summary is that generators are a special kind of iterator. And the way they work is they have a yield statement within the function. And the whole purpose of a generator is that we use it to save memory by not actually saving or reserving a continuous chunk of memory for an iterable object. And they should always be used whenever you need to work on an iterable element, one element at a time. But you don't actually want to change the the original container itself. Or you don't want to store that memory or the result in memory. So it's very useful when you're working with a whole bunch of large complex objects and big data.