 Now that you know about callback functions, we're going to talk about our very first design pattern of the course, and that is the observer design pattern. So design patterns are a way for us to structure our code, class, and systems to achieve some specific results. So for instance, this observer design pattern is focused on how objects in a system communicate with each other. Specifically, in this case, we want one object to be the important object. So let's say our core wants to communicate with other objects in the system, mainly the observer one and observer two. So how this works is you have a number of observers that are observing something. So they're watching something. In this case, observer one and observer two are watching the core. And this could be a timer, a button, an inventory system, or something. That is known as the core. When something important has happened inside of a core, such as the timer finishes counting down, then the core is going to notify all the observers by calling the callback functions that they are registered to. So in this case, when something important has happened, our core is going to call the call function, which is a callback function in all of our observers. And then the observers will get the information that they want. So for this to happen, there are a few requirements. All the callback functions must accept the same parameters. In other words, the observers need to implement either the same interface or a similar method. Second is that the core itself doesn't care who is observing it. All the core cares about is that it has to run a set number of callback functions when something important has happened. So let's see what this looks like in the code. So in this code, I'm trying to simulate a newspaper system where some new, some important news has happened. And there's different observers that are watching me. So in this case, I have different types of users. I have an iPhone user and Android users, both of which are observing a core, which is the newspaper. So let me just, let's see, what should I go through first? Let's go through each of the users first. I think they're the easiest. So if I bring back the diagram and look at this one, whenever you have an observer design pattern, there's always three components. There's the core, the abstract observer interface, and then the subclass observers themselves. So the most important thing in the interface is that you implement some kind of override callback method that the observers are going to override. In my case, my callback method is going to be called notify. So I have made it an abstract method that's going to force all of my children classes to have to override this notify function. So this is the function that's going to be called whenever the core has something important to say. So in this notify function for the iPhone user, for instance, when they're notified, they're going to get a message from the core. And then we're going to print it out to the screen. And then the user, iPhone user also has a name to say who this iPhone user belongs to. And it also has a two string to say, then the owner of the iPhone. And the Android users, same idea, they also inherit from the observer interface. Both of them do. So the iPhone user inherits from observer interface. And the Android user also inherits from observer interface. And the Android user does pretty much the same thing when they're when they're notified function is called, they're going to print out that this owner name has gotten some news from the core. And they also have a two string method to print out their owner. So that's it for the observers. Their goal is just to print out a message whenever they get some information from the newspaper. Next, we have the core. So the new seaper is the core. This is the one that's going to be broadcasting information to everyone else. And if I look back at the diagram, the whole idea about the core is that they have a few functions. They have an attached function, which allows me to add observers to the core to see who is observing this core. And then I'm not sure about the get and set in this case. But they need some way to attach observers, typically detach observers, they can remove observers. And some way to notify the observers when something important has happened. So let's look at those things. So we have our newspaper init. And then we begin with an empty list of observers. So this means that initially no one is observing this newspaper. Then we have an attached function. This is where we want to add observers to this newspaper. So all we do is we take variable list arguments. So this is just a list, a list of observers. And then we say that for that list of observers that come in, we want to append those observers to our observers list. Here we have a detache function. So let's say an observer wants to remove themself from the newspaper. Then we have the option to do that as well. So we remove the observer from our observers list. Then most importantly, we have notify. So this function name doesn't have to match the function name inside of our Android users. I can call this one anything I want, but I just wanted to keep it consistent. So this function is called, let's say whenever some new news has happened. I'm going to change his name to let's say new news. So whenever some new news has happened, the news is going to be passed in as a message. And then for every observer in my observer list, I'm going to directly call their notify function. So this is where the callback happens. So anybody who's listening to us gets past the message that my new super has received as well. So I'm going to change my function here and here because I changed the function name. So overall, this is my main code. Let's go over what's happening. So first of all, I create a new newspaper object. And I'm going to call it Vancouver Sun because Vancouver Sun is our newspaper. And then I create two different observers. I have an iPhone user named Jeff and Android user named Eric. And then at that point, the new seaper and observer are completely separate objects. So what I need to do next is I want to add my observers to my newspaper. So I call the attached function. And then I add the Jeff and Eric users to my newspaper. So after this point, Jeff and Eric are now listening or observing the Vancouver Sun newspaper object. So everything at this point is set up. So the first thing I do is some new news has happened. So for instance, the news today is that it's currently snowing. So I pass this message into my new news function. And let's just run this to see what happens. And we'll trace it as we go along. So when I get when I pass in this news to my new news function in my my newspaper, the it's snowing messages pass to here. And then in this for loop, this will iterate through all my observers and then pass the new news or this message to all of my observers. So therefore, since my observer's list contains Jeff and Eric, you see that in this output, we call their notify functions. So in the notify function for iPhone user, we get passed in the message it's snowing today. So we print out this message here for the iPhone user Jeff, it's snowing today. And the same thing happens for the Android user that it's snowing today for Eric. In this case, prints on this one. After we do that, we say that all right, after this news happened, maybe Eric no longer wants to observe our Vancouver Sun and newspaper. So in this case, we're going to detach Eric. So here we've removed Eric from our newspaper. So we print out this message here, detaching Android user Eric. And then finally down here, when I say there's some new news that happened that the stocks are going up, then that is passed on to the newspaper. And because Eric is no longer listening or observing our newspaper, only Jeff gets the message. So this is the observer pattern. This allows us to decouple our core newspaper from our individual observers. And the reason it's decoupled, even though there's a list of observers, is that from the perspective of the newspaper, the newspaper doesn't care how many observers are placed in here, nor does it care what type of objects we put in this list. All it cares about is that whatever we put in this list, they can properly respond to this notify function call. So any objects that are in our observers list must implement a notify function. And by doing that, they can then properly handle whatever messages our observer pattern passes back. All right, so we're almost done for today. The last thing, kind of a need to know topic, is that we can actually treat our objects like functions. So previously, we're treating our functions like objects. But we can actually treat our objects like functions as well. And these are called callable objects. And the way that we do that is all we have to do is add this dunder call method inside of our classes. And after we do that, we can call our objects as if they were functions. So let's check that out very, very quickly. Okay. Okay. So in this case, I've created a class called a class. And it just takes in a message, so self.message, and also has a a full print function. So the most important thing here is if I've implemented this new dunder call dunder method. And by doing that, I can call an instance of this class as if it was a function. So let's see what I mean. So down in my main, I make an instance of my class just as I regularly would. So I have my a class. And then my message that I want to pass into my class. So this gets passed into here and saved into self.message. And then here, I'm saving my whole instance of my class into this callable object variable. And so down here, notice that I'm calling my object like a function. So normally when you want to call one of these functions, you do something like this. You have the name of your variable with the dot notation. And then you have the name of your function with the parentheses. So this food will call this food. But notice here, this one's a little bit different. I'm directly calling my variable with the parentheses. I don't have a dot notation. So I'm missing the dot notation. And that is because if I call my callable object like this, this code will directly call this function right here. So let me just comment this one out and then run this to see what I get. So the first thing I do is that when I call this one right here, this will directly call this callable method. And it prints out the message that I got. So object message is you just use an object like a function. So that's printing out the message that I saved initially when I initialize the object. And then afterwards, this is just printing out a second message. And this second message is this string right here that I'm passing in. So this is just something neat that you can do with your objects. To summarize, we reviewed a bit about what iterators and iterable types are and how they allow us to write powerful constructs such as comprehensions. So comprehensions are definitely our friend. Definitely practice writing them because I know initially they're kind of complicated to look at. But once you fully understand them, they allow us to really easily convert one type of iterable container to another filter type of iterable container. Third is we learn that Python's have a very specific way in how they write their code. They try to avoid lots of four wild loops and change them to comprehensions where it's possible. We also learn that functions can be objects and objects can be functions. And finally, we learned about a very first design pattern which is the observer design pattern. It's probably one of the most important design patterns personally for me. I know I use it very, very often in my games. So definitely pay attention to it.