 However, developers still need to communicate that it's not safe to access certain attributes in our classes or object. So looking back at our CAT class example, we have our initializer and then we created our class variable underscore age. So what that underscore, the single underscore does is it's communicating to other developers that they should ideally not be touching this variable and modifying is not recommended. Another way that we can tell other programmers to not access a private variable is by using the double underscores before a variable name. So we call these double underscores a dunder and it's pretty much a way of saying to other programmers, stay away. And Python makes it very difficult to access this variable through name mangling. And all that means is that it makes it very difficult for other programmers to directly access our private variable because we have to append a class name before our variable name. And the whole idea is because we're making it so annoying for other developers to access the variable, they hopefully won't access it. But if you really wanted to, they could. So going back to our CAT example, here I'm creating my age variable, but here I'm putting two underscores here. So underscore underscore age. And then if someone tries to access it, they can do the following code. So I create an instance of my cat with age 10. And then if they try to access my age with just dot age, then this doesn't actually do anything. This won't actually modify the underscore age variable. If, if they really wanted to access the underscore underscore age variable, they would have to do this. They call my cat dot underscore cat, which is the name of the class. So underscore name of the class and then call the double underscore age equals five. So the whole idea again is because we're making it so annoying for other programmers to access the age variable that hopefully they won't do it. But if they really wanted to, they can do it this way. Next is the rep or special method. Think of this as Python's version of Java's two string method. It's a way for us to get a string that represents the current state of your object. And this is called implicitly whenever we pass an object to the print function. And the output of this is really for developers eyes only, meaning the information that is displayed is kind of in a log format. So again, this is just a method that returns a string and you format your string to represent the data in your object. So here we have an example of what that output kind of should should be formatted to look like. So we have the name of our variable and then the actual contents of the variable and so on and so forth. Next is the string method, another special method that we know it's special because it has the dunders, which was a double underscores before and after. And again, this is another version of the kind of two string method in Java. So conceptually it's the same. It's a method that returns a string. But in this case, it's formatted to be a little bit prettier. So it looks nicer for the users, not really for programmers to see, but it's used for kind of the eventual user to see. And if it's not provided, so again, we have two different kind of two string methods. So if the string method is not provided, then the rep or version will be used instead. So in this case, the kind of formatted approach that you should try to format this method to return should look like following. So it'll say my name is device and I'm three years old. I love eating sushi, a raw fish, and I have nine lies remaining. So compare this nicely formatted version of the string method to the more log raw data approach of the rep or method. This light is here mainly to explain why we have a initializer or why we write code for an initializer instead of a constructor. And that's because construction happens behind the scenes implicitly before our initializer is called. So let's just explain what's happening. Suppose we have a class called die and we instantiate our die class by calling our die function call like this. And this will automatically implicitly call a special method called new. This is done behind the scenes and we never do it explicitly. This new function will then allocate memory and invoke the object's initializer. And the initializer is the thing that we write ourselves. And it will call die dot initializer to construct our object. So in the flow of how this works, we have the name of our class and init with some arguments. That will implicitly invoke the constructor. So that constructor then will call the new method that's going to allocate memory, create the object and then it's going to finally call the initializer. And once again, I'm explaining this just to show you why the initializer is called initializer instead of the constructor because the constructor is actually a separate process in this flow. Next I want to talk about accessors and mutators. In other words, our getters and set our methods for our classes. So for our accessors, these are methods that return the value of an attribute. So here we have our get player health accessor with that takes in a self parameter. Then we have our mutators or our setters. These are the methods that set the value of our data attributes. So here we have our set player health, mutator. And as a first parameter, we have self. And the second parameter is whatever data we want to set for our data attribute. So something to note about the self parameter is that we always mention that whenever we write methods, we always have to have a self parameter as a first parameter. So in the case for our mutators, which is this one right here, the self parameter is the first parameter and anything after that is the data that we want to set. Whereas in our accessors, we should only ever have the self parameter. That's because our accessors only ever want to get data. We never want to set any data. Some other guidelines is we should have doc strings for our commenting, for our accessors and mutators. And these accessors and mutators should not generate side effects, meaning that accessors should not modify print or send messages. And mutators should only modify a single value and only if it's logical. Having all these accessors and mutators everywhere gets kind of annoying when you want to just access your variables. So one way to get around that is to use a property. And a property is a way to encapsulate our getters and setters into a single attribute or variable. Anyone interfacing with your code or library can then access that data attribute through your variable name. And that variable name will automatically call the accessor and mutator depending on how you're using it. So I'll show you some code on what this looks like. So we have our property example right here. In this case, I have a class called engine. And for this engine, I have my initializer that takes in a temperature value and then sets my class data member underscore temp to that to that value. Then I create my accessors and mutator is just like normal. So here I have my mutator that I call set temperature. Notice that I always take in self as my first parameter because it's a method. And then I take in a temperature that I want to set it to. Then I have my accessor here. Let's get temperature and only has self. So that just returns the temperature for my engine. And then so here's my mutator and accessor. And it's kind of annoying if I have to call dot set temperature and dot get temperature every time I want to use it. So what I mean by that is in my engine code down here, let's say I want to get temperature at the call that to get the temperature and then print it like that. And then every time I want to set the temperature, it's annoying if I have to go engine dot set temperature to 1000, let's say that's kind of annoying. So let's say I don't want to do that. I don't want to call the get and set every time. The way that we can do that is with properties and properties allow us to pretty much encapsulate the setters and getters into a single variable name. So that's what right here. So I have the property function call. So this is built into Python. We have the right property and then we pass in as the first parameter our getter. So this is get temperature. And then as a second parameter, it's the name of my setter. So this is to set temperature right there. So after I wrap both of them into my property, I then save them into the temperature variable. And this temperature variable exists within the class engine. So just so you know, we did that because of the indentation right here. So because this is indented within the scope of engine, it belongs to engine. So what that allows me to do is right here, after I create my engine instance, then down here, notice that when I call print engine, temperature, this temperature is accessing this temperature variable. And it's smart enough to know that in this case, I want to access the getter instead. So this will call, it'll automatically call the getter, get temperature function. And then later on here, when I try to assign 999 into temperature, which is my property. So temperature is my property here. It automatically knows to call the set temperature method instead. So this is the power of using properties. It allows us to really easily call our getters and setters through this one variable name.