 When we're dealing with sequence types, there are both sequence functions and sequence methods that we can call. I want to really distinguish the difference between the two of them. The first is sequence type functions. These are the built-in functions that operate on a sequence like lists and strings. For example, we have the length operation or the sorted operation. Here's some sample code. We have the built-in length function that we call on an existing sequence, or you have a built-in sorted function that you call on a sequence. Compare that to sequence type methods. These are methods that are built into the class itself. For instance, we have a sequence here, and we use the dot operation to call sort, or we have the sequence here that we use the dot operation to call clear. The question is, what's the difference between them? In this case, for instance, we have a sort here, and also a sort here. So what's the difference? How do we use them? The key difference is that when we use sequence type methods, these will modify the internal contents of your sequence. So mysequence dot sort will actually modify the elements in the sequence. Mysequence dot clear will actually clear out the elements in your sequence. Compare that to the sequence type functions here. We do have a sort, but these will not modify the original mysequence. Instead, it'll create a copy of my sequence, modify those values, and then put that into a new sorted. It won't actually modify the original sequence here. So depending on what you want to do, you will use either methods or functions. So keep in mind, if you do want to modify the original sequence, then use methods, but if you don't want to modify the original sequence, then use the sequence functions. A very useful operation is determined if a container contains a specific value. And the way we do that is using the in or not in operator. Hopefully this is pretty self-explanatory, but here's an example. So for instance, I have a list of colors here that contains three strings, red, white, and serulean. And I want to determine if the colors or the string serulean exist in my list of colors. So the way that I can do that is I perform this operation. I check if my string is in, so this is a keyword in my list of colors. And this will return true if this string exists in colors, and it'll return false if that string does not exist. So in this case, it will return true because this serulean string does exist in my string of colors. And then in the opposite, you can use the not in operator as well. So this will determine if it's the opposite, if a specific string color does not exist in the colors list. So magenta as a string does not exist in this colors list. So therefore, this will return true as well. We've already seen in the previous slide that this is very useful to determine if a value exists in a list. But another useful use case for this is if you want to determine if a string exists within another string, or if you have a matching subset of characters in a larger string. And this is much easier to do in Python compared to CRC++. So in this example, I have a string right here that I'm setting into this variable request string. And I just want to determine if a substring slash 1.1 exists within this request string. So in this case, we see that slash 1.1 does exist. So this will return, or this if statement, I should say, will return true. So we'll print out this one. And here, we also want to check if the HTTPS substring exists with, or does not exist within this substring. And if it does not exist, then it's going to print out unsecured connection. So this is so much easier to determine if a substring exists within a larger string in Python compared to other languages.