 Next, I'm going to give you a quick recap on unit tests. So of course, when we're writing your code, we have to test it very thoroughly. But it's kind of hard to figure out what philosophy to follow when we want to test our code. So one method is called test driven development. This is an approach of philosophy where they develop their test cases first. After the test cases are finished, then they begin writing the code. And then after the code is finished, they go back to test their code using their initial test cases to make sure it meets some standards. So it works as intended. And what this looks like is that every unit test is a piece of code that will test a very small specific area functionality in our system. And how it does this is that the unit test is going to call some specific function with some given input. And then it has to assert or guarantee that the output matches some expected output. And the reason that we do this is that it gives us an organized approach that helps us break down our program into a lot of small, bite size pieces of functionality so that if each individual bite size piece works, then hopefully on a larger scale, it also works. This allows us to kind of provide each small chunk of functionality so that it can be tested in isolation. The steps that we follow to make this happen is first, we have to set up our environment in which the function can run. Second is then we actually run the code with whatever given inputs that we want. And the third is we assert or compare the results so that when we run our functions, we get the expected results that we want. But there are some rules that we have to follow when we do our unit tests. First is we have to create a collection of unit tests. Second is that each test is a function that contains some kind of assertion that it has to evaluate the true or false. So we run a test and it'll tell us whether it passed, which is true or it failed. So we get false. And each assertion must test an individual function of our code. And the unit test themselves have to be in a separate class so they don't interfere with our regular code. And finally, at least within Python, all of our unit test functions must begin with a test keyword. So on this next slide, I'm just showing you some of the possible assertions that you can call in your assertion code for your unit tests. So you can assert if two parameters are equal or two expressions are equal. You can test if they're not equal. I find that I use assert equals and assert true or false the most commonly. But there's also some other helpful assertion as well, such as assert is instance to figure out if a is an instance of B. There's the opposite assert not instance. There's typically the is and the not or the reverse option as well. So just like assert is none, assert is not none, assert in, assert not in. And I'll show you specific examples of this later on when we check out some code. But this is just to give you an idea of, in general, what are the possible assertions that you can call upon? This is not an exhaustive list, there's even more, including a certain like raising exception, checking if our function actually raises an exception when you call it. So in terms of step by step, how do we create our unit test? It's a really easy in Python or at least in PyCharm, I should say. All you have to do is you have to right click on the function that you want to create a unit test for. That's going to then pop up this menu, then you click on go to, and then within go to, you click on test. And if it's the first time that you ever created a unit test for this class or function, then it's going to pop up this dialog that's going to ask you if you want to create a new test. Once to do that, it's going to pop up this next dialog that's going to make sure that the function that you want to test is in there, and then you just hit OK. Once you do that, it's going to create some default code for you. So it might look something like this. So it's going to create a new class called test for you. It's going to automatically inherit from test case, and then it's going to also automatically create some function that begins with a keyword test underscore. And then after that, it's going to be the name of your function here. So in this case, I was testing my custom sum function. And then it's also going to create some default fail code here. So your job at this point is then to modify the body of code here to do your actual assertion. So if you look at this example, I want to call the assert true function in the unit test. And the thing that I want to assert that's true is if I call my custom class sum function, and I sum values one and two, I want to assert that this whole expression will equal the true. Meaning if I add one plus two, that must equal to three for me to be sure that my sum function is working. So yeah, just to go over these notes, when you follow the steps in the previous slide, a new test class is generated for you with a new test function. And then the generated test function will be set to fail by default. So here we are failing by default. And it's up to you to write your own code, your own assertion code to evaluate the true. So that's this section over here. And then when you want to create additional test cases, just create some new functions like this below in the code, and just make sure you have the deaf test underscore keyword to ensure that it's a unit test. So again, note that you must begin the functions with the word test, or they will not appear as runable tests. So let's check out some examples of our unit tests in action. Here is the code for my custom calculator. So this is regular code, no unit tests. And you see that for my calculator, I have a function to subtract two numbers, add two numbers, and then if I pass in non numbers, like a string, it's gonna throw a type error exception. And then also I have a check number function as well to check if the value that I pass in is an integer or float. So then at this point, I've written my code and I want to create some unit tests. So the way that I can do that is let's say I want to test out my add numbers function. So I just highlight my function, right click it, go to go to, and then click on test. So in this case, I want to create a new test. So let's go ahead and do that. Let's go pop up, let's pop up. And then it's gonna say the name of your test is gonna be test add numbers. Then I hit okay. So notice here, it creates a new class, named class, named test, and it inherits from test case. And it also creates a new function, test add numbers. And then by default, it also sets it to a failed state. This is to indicate that we created this default function for you, but it's up to you to write your code to make sure it actually works. So at this point, you would then write code in here to try to test the functions in your calculator. So for me, I would do something like self.asserttrue. Let's say I call my calculator, calculator. Add, what was it? Add, you know, it should be add numbers. Curious why I didn't appear. One and two equals to three, something like this. And then to run this specific test case, I can click on the green arrow. So run test and we see that it looks like it ran the test and it passed because it says okay. Just the test that actually worked, let's change its value. So if we add two numbers, we're expecting a three, but let's say I change it to five. And if I run it again, hopefully it'll fail. So yes, it happened to fail on this test add numbers because three is not equal to five. So that's in the most basic form. This is how you would create your unit tests. But let's look at some other examples. So you might notice that there's a bunch of code up here. That's because I created a whole bunch of other unit tests before this example. So I'm gonna go ahead and delete this one. And then look at the other unit tests in this file. So this file itself is called test underscore calculator. And you see that there's nothing really special about this class. I just named it test calculator and I inherited from test case. This is the most important thing to state that the purpose of this class is to be a unit testing class. So this class will call my other calculator module to perform the tests. The next most important thing is whenever you create a unit test function, you have to have the test keyword in front of your function. And then afterwards you can name your function whatever you want. Typically the name of these functions indicate what the specific unit test is testing. So this one I'm testing to add numbers that are introduced together. If I scroll down a bit, this is testing to add numbers of different types. I'm trying to find the assertion one. Here I'm testing to add numbers that are strings. So let's look at a brief run through of all these examples. So we saw earlier that I created my own test case where I was adding two numbers together and I was trying to assert if three is equal to five. So I use the self.assert true function. So this is a built in assertion in Python. So there's other assertions that also exist. There's assert equals as well. So this is asserting that these two parameters have an equal value. So this would be equivalent to me going like assert true result equals eight. So quite often these assertions are kind of like shortcuts of doing the same thing if you want. So functionally these two do the same thing. They're comparing that these values are equal but you can write them in different ways. So depending on what you're trying to do, you will use different types of assertions. So we see assert equals and we have assert raises. So this is a neat one. This is asserting or guaranteeing that your function will throw a specific exception. So here I'm calling my add numbers function. And then I knew from before that I've looked at my add numbers function. If I pass in two strings, I'm expecting that it's could have raised a type error exception. So when I rate when I create my test and I pass in two strings, I want to expect that I'm going to raise a type error exception when I call this function with these two parameters. So similar idea for here, asserting that I raise an exception if I pass in one integer and one string. And look, let's look at some other ones. So you saw assert true earlier. There's also the opposite assert false as well. So in this case, we want to assert that when we call our check number function with a string that this will return false in its condition. And yeah, that's just a small subset of the different possible assertions. But hopefully with this example, you see that it's pretty easy to create unit tests.