 So the next topic for today is going back to our design patterns, specifically the lazy initialization and the builder pattern. So just as a bit of a recap, create some design patterns, these are the ones that are focused on how we create or instantiate classes. This is pretty much developing different strategies and techniques to offer us different ways to create objects or or different groups of objects. It's all about creation. Specifically for lazy initialization, in a nutshell, what this does is it's allowing us to actually delay the creation of an object for some heavy or expensive object until we actually need it. It's almost like our way that we can procrastinate creating something into the last possible moment in order to save resources. And the second design pattern is the builder. So in this case, we actually, the purpose of it is to decouple the creation of our object with the actual various components from the object itself. So decoupling instantiation with the actual objects are the components within the object. Let's begin with lazy initialization. This one's a very, very simple one. In fact, it's probably the easiest design pattern out there. And honestly, I don't think it's in my personal opinion. I don't really consider it a pattern. It's more just a way to do things pretty much. So what this pattern is all about is that we don't want to initialize an object until the very last moment until we need it. And the rationale behind that is pretty much why should we text the system, meaning why should we use resources unless they're absolutely necessary? And this is typically applied for objects that are quite expensive to initialize, whether it's due to memory, it takes up a lot of memory, or it takes up a lot of computing power to actually do it. So in final words, or in simple words, it's pretty much procrastinate when we initialize an expensive resource until we finally need it. And in this case, we actually like laziness. So laziness is a homework of every good program. I like to call it efficiency, but the funny way is to call it laziness. And I could talk about it a lot more, but the easiest way is to show you and code what it looks like. So in this sample code, what I'm doing is I want to create a car. And because cars are expensive to create, I want to delay creating this car as late as possible in my program. So first of all, I have my car class, and then in the initialization, I'm just going to simulate the fact that it takes a lot of time to initialize this by having a whole bunch of sleep statements. So in your real code, imagine these aren't sleep statements, but there's just a bunch of other initialization calls to initialize the internal components, other internal classes, and all that stuff. And then we have just a string function just to say that it's an expensive car. And then I have my client. So my client is the actual code that wants to use my car or has a reference to my car. So then in this client, I just have it in it, and I have a reference to my car. But notice that normally when we write our code, normally we'd probably have car, something like that, self.car equals the car. It kind of makes sense because maybe when we initialize our client, we also want to initialize our car at the same time. But with this design pattern, this lazy initialization pattern, I don't want to initialize a car right away. I do not want to do this. What I want to do is I'm just going to say, I'm just going to leave this as a reference to a car at some point. But for now, I'm going to set it to none. So it's saying that this reference is pointing at nothing initially. But then at some point, we do want to access the car through our client. So we have this property car, which is like a getter, getter, and setter. And in this case, when something needs to access the car that my client is using, that's the time that I'm going to initialize my car. So in this if statement, it's saying that if the car is not initialized, if car is not pointing to anything just yet, then finally, we're going to create our car. So here's where we finally initialize our car. Otherwise, if in the else statement here, it's pretty much an empty else. In the else statement, it means that we already have a car. We already have a reference to car. So let's just return that one reference to the car that we already have. So then finally, as you can see, our main is super simple. In a main, all we do is we create an instance of our client. So at this point, creates an instance client. But inside the client, car is not initialized. And that's the key thing is that we want to not initialize a car right away when we initialize our client. And it's actually only here when we print out the car. Car is initialized. And we access our car with a first step. So it's only on this line right here that we initialize a car. And how that works is that what I've print client.car we're going to enter this property. And it's going to see that we have not created our car just yet. That's why we delete initialization here. So here initialize car. So this is what we're saying we're procrastinating or being lazy. It's because we're delaying when we finally initialize a car to the latest possible point. Because imagine we have some code that looks like this client equals client equals a client. And then we never access car at any point we need to be put some other messages. Hello. But at no point in our code here do we access car. So then because of that, if we never access client.car, you never have to make a worry for cars. So that's the main benefit of it. If we never have to access it, we don't have to do the expensive operations to create that car option. So this is an up in a nutshell is all there is to the lazy initialization and design pattern. So that was a great kind of contrived example where it's very, very simple. But in kind of a real world example, when would we use this? So imagine maybe we're writing an application where you have to maintain a web session or something like that. But what if we never sent any requests? Should we keep that web session open? Or maybe we should because keeping a web session open is expensive takes up a lot of resources. Maybe we should be smarter. Maybe before request is made, we shouldn't open the web session. Or maybe after this some inactivity for three to five minutes, then we should close the web session. So that's is this is how we can kind of lazily initialize that session to make it less resource intensive. Another example. I'm a huge gamer. So a little game example is that oftentimes when you don't have to if you don't see something in the game world. In this case, we see everything within this space, but outside of the space over here, over here, we don't see that in the screen. So if the player isn't necessarily looking at that area, then don't bother keeping that geometry or code in memory. Another example, actual example from one of my games is very often I use lazy initialization in my games. Specifically, in this case, I have a game that has many screens. So many UI components in my screens. So in this case, I have some kind of screen where I'm showing the character, giving them some option to kind of yes or no. And I have some buttons up here. Here, I have a screen where I am the hacking games on the other screen circle. You jump to circle to circle. This is like the gameplay screen. And over here, I have a screen where you can customize your loadout. It's pretty much a pick your special abilities. And imagine if a player only ever interacts with this screen and this screen. But they never actually get to interact with this loadout screen. In that case, I save a lot of time and resources if I don't have to load out this screen at the beginning. So the strategy in this case, when I'm coding, is that I don't load all the screens into memory at the beginning of the game. Because this takes up a ton of memory. I only load the screen when the player actually has to access them. So if they never access the screen, they never have to load it into memory. It's much more efficient that way. And that's really all there is to it. It's very simple pattern. That's what I was saying. It's not really a pattern in my personal opinion. But let's kind of look at the different advantages and disadvantages of it. It can be implemented in many ways. I just showed you one possible example. So here's just a very, very simple email diagram where we saw that we had a client earlier. And that client might want to access some service. And that service has a reference to some core. So core is the actual thing that we want to lazy initialize. And then we don't actually instantiate this core until we access that core at some point with this access core function. So then you notice over here, the core itself, there's nothing different in this code. We have our core class. And then we have our initializer, which is very expensive. So the only time this core initializer is called is when we actually call this access core function. So this access core will call this one over here to finally initialize it. So some advantages. Main advantage is that you dedicate your resources, which is memory or CPU processing. When you need it on an on demand basis, instead of right beginning when you initialize everything. This advantage is that this is not a good choice. If you actually need your object to be initialized every time it's accessed, assuming that it's accessed frequently. So in that case, you will not actually save much.