 The final thing I want to talk about is how we read and write from JSON files. And it's super easy. All you have to do is import the JSON module and then call open on that JSON file just like you would a regular text file. At that point you call the JSON.load function and then passing the variable that received our JSON file into. That will then convert the data into a dictionary. So this is what the code looks like. You import the JSON module and then using the with keyword we open the JSON file in the reading mode and then in the utf8 encoding. Then this object is saved into your data file variable. You pass that data file variable into the JSON.load function. That's going to then convert your JSON data into a dictionary that is saved into data. So this data is actually a Python dictionary. So once you print it out, this will print out information about that dictionary. As for how to write a JSON file, it's pretty similar. So you still import the JSON module and in this case you're going to open a new person.json file and set it to write mode because we effectively want to export our Python dictionary into a JSON format. So this converts your dictionary into JSON, then writes our JSON out to a file. So in this code snippet, I import my JSON module and then I create my own custom dictionary called person dictionary. And this dictionary is representing the Simpsons character Homer. In this case, you see a whole bunch of key value pairs. You have the keys which are name, children, married, favorite food, and you have the values which are Homer, a list of names, a Boolean, and then a string. So this is our dictionary and our goal is to convert that dictionary out into a JSON file. So we have the width keyword or opening our JSON file in the writing mode. And then we're saving that object as our JSON file. Then on this line right here, there's a dumps function. And what that does is it converts this dictionary into a special data format called JSON data. Then we pass that JSON data into the right function of our JSON file. And if you're being really efficient, you can perform this line of code down here. So all we're doing here is we just call that JSON dump function. We pass in the dictionary and then the file, the external file directly. And that'll automatically perform these two lines of code.