 Okay, so let's start off with the mediator class. So again, if we pop back to the slides, the first thing we're gonna write is this mediator interface right here. So it's just a mediator class with a notify function. And you'll see very quickly that mediator is just an abstract base class. And it had this one abstract method to notify. And we have one parameter, which is the center. So this is the component that's actually sending the message. And then optionally, you have the quarks. So in case the center wants to send some additional parameters, then the quarks will accept those parameter. And so because this notify function is an abstract function, there's no other code in here. The most important thing is that eventually, all of our components will call this notify function. All right, the next step is we're gonna write all of our components. So all these A, B, C components, we're gonna write all of them. So again, by looking at the button. So you have a class button. So keep in mind that the components are not inheriting from mediator. So notice this is not inheriting from mediator. Right there, it's not doing that. Components of these buttons are completely separate classes. So button is a standalone class on its own. So when it's initialized though, it does take a mediator as a parameter. And we're gonna save that as a reference to the mediator. So this way, when it comes time that the button actually wants to talk to the mediator, we can actually grab the mediator here to notify them. So then the button has a single on-click function. So all that happens here is that when a button is clicked, we are then gonna notify the mediator that this button has been clicked. So we're gonna call the mediator's notify function and then pass myself as a button into it. And that's all there is for button. And hopefully it's you right away that this button is much more generic than the button we saw in the problematic example. So this button is not tied to a specific screen or input field or anything. All it is is it's tied to this mediator. Let's continue. So the next component is our input field. So the purpose of the input field is that we're actually gonna get data from the keyboard. So just like any other component within the initialization, we have to take a mediator as a parameter, which is done right here. And then we're just gonna have a text field right there. And then when we actually want to get some data from the keyboard, we call it enter data function. So in this case, we set up our text to get some data from the keyboard. And then after that, we send this text as a parameter into a notify function. So notice that after we grab our keyboard input on this line that we call a mediator's notify function, we pass it in our self and we pass it in whatever data that we want to pass it. So in this case, we're passing the text that was entered to the mediator. And we have a text label. So the whole purpose of this class is just to display some text on the screen. So notice that there's no mediator in this case. We could do it if we wanted to, but in this case, the text label never actually needs the mediator to do anything. So that's why we're not taking a mediator in this case. So all it is, it takes, it's gonna save some text and then it's gonna call a function to display some prefix. And then if it has any text, it's gonna print out the prefix and then that text. So that's it for the components. We have a button input field and a text label. Okay, so now you're probably wondering, okay, we have all these components. We have our mediator. We have our individual components, but how do they actually communicate with each other? So that's the next part. So the final part of this is we have to create this concrete mediator. And what this does is it's gonna use all the components that we have and then have the logic to actually hook them up altogether. So that's where we have our login mediator right here. So notice that login mediator inherits from mediator. So during the initialization, this is where we're actually gonna instantiate all of our different components and addition to some other logic. So in this case, the purpose of this program is it's gonna allow you to enter user name and password and it's gonna allow you to log into the system when you're using the password matches. So we have some database, which is just some dictionary that has a username. So this is a username and this is a password. So the dictionary of user names and passwords. So I have one username and password here and one username and password here. And then I mentioned earlier that we had a component called text label. So we're gonna instantiate our text label and then we're gonna instantiate our input field, two different fields, a user input field to get the username and a password input field to get the password. So just to break down what's happening here, is we're creating an input field and we're passing in self. The reason we're passing in self is that each of our components needs access to this mediator. So jump back over here, so for the input field, up here, we're calling that the input field needs to pass in mediator during initialization so we can access that. Okay, so we do the same thing for all the other components. So in this case, for our UI, we have a login button and an exit button. So we just instantiate button, pass in the mediator, create button, pass in the mediator again. And then finally, we have just a Boolean to know when we exit our program. All right, so now everything is hooked up in the sense that all of our components now have a reference to the mediator and our mediator has instantiated all of our individual components as well. But we still missing the phase, how do they actually communicate? So let's check that out. Okay, so then we have our main execute, execution loop. So in this case, what this function does is we're going to create a mapping first. So this isn't necessary for the pattern. This is only done so we can map user input of one, two, three, and four to function calls in our objects. So what these are, these are our components. So we have input field, our password input field, login button, and exit button. And then so we're just directly accessing all their method names. So notice these on-clicks, both on-clicks are part of the button. And then these enter data, these are the functions in my input field classes. Okay, so this is our main wallet. Looks like a lot of code, but it's just a bunch of print statements mainly. So we're seeing that while they have not set the Boolean of exit the screen, we're going to keep doing this. So just print cell and welcome, login screen. It's going to display some status text, and then it's going to print out pretty much displaying what the user interface is going to look like. So username, password, and then it's going to print out whatever username we've currently entered, and print out whatever password you've currently entered. And it has some nice printouts for the login buttons, and then our final menu right here. So one, two, three, four, with different menu options. So on this line, it's saying that, okay, I'm going to grab input from the keyboard, one through four, and then depending on what the choice is, one through four, we're going to access that choice in our mapping dictionary. So again, this input map, that was that thing we created before. That was a dictionary. So if we enter one, then it's going to call the enter data function, and two, call this enter data function, and so on and so forth for the other options. So it's the fancy way. I could have done this so it looks something like, and if statement instead, so I could have done this, let's say, if choice equals one, then this one, plus choice, plus two, and so on. I didn't call this one. I could have done this as well. Using this giant is if I'll statement, but I didn't want to do that. So that's why I did this version. Okay. So that's our menu, and then we have our actual notify function. So this is the main part of our mediator pattern. This is where we decide how we hook up the messaging between different objects. So if we recall the notify function takes an ascender, that's the one that's the component that was sending the message, and any parameters that were sent in. So how this works is that we actually check who is sending the message, and then depending on who is sending message, we do different code. We route that message to do some different things. So we're just saying, it's just a giant if-else statement. So we're just saying if the sender is the exit button, then we're gonna set our Boolean to true to allow us to exit the program. If our sender happens to be the user input field, then we're going to figure out if the user input is valid. If not, then it's just gonna print out that the user name is not registered. If the sender happens to be the login button, then we're gonna check if the credentials, if the user name and password matches the correct password that we've entered in the password field. If it's success, then success, and we print this message, otherwise we're gonna print out that the login has failed. And so finally, in the main, we just instantiate our mediator. So you see we instantiate a mediator, assign it to a variable, and then we just begin our program by calling the execute function. So in here, we have our wallet. I'll show you the instructions. So let's go through one loop of this. Maybe it'll make more sense. Let me just run this first, to give you an idea of what this looks like. So this is the program. So we print out welcome, login screen, username password, and then I have these two nice buttons. If I press the login bin, press three in the enter, then it's gonna print out that my login has failed because it didn't enter anything. And then let's say I know in the back of my head that I think one of the users was, the username was AA. So it just says the current username is AA, the password. And then the password I think was 111, so 111. So this is my current login information. And then with that, I'm gonna finally try to log in with the AA and 111. So that was a legitimate user, so it let me log in. And that's how the program finishes. But let's see how this works in terms of how the mediator pattern actually brutes everything together. So I just ran the program again. And let's say at this point in time, let's see what happened. So currently, I begin by creating an instance of the mediator function, our mediator class, and then I call execute. So let's jump to execute right here. So what happens is that we create that the function map and then we enter our while loop. It prints out the menu, which we see on the screen right here. Here's our nice menu. And then we are paused on this line right here. So it's waiting for input from the keyboard to enter my choice. That's the blinking line right there. So then when I press one and then enter, what happens is that this input map, it's I'm passing in one right there. And then when I pass in one, we go up to our mapping and we find that one corresponds to self.userinputfieldinterdata. So effectively, what I'm doing is I'm calling, if I enter one as input, I'm effectively calling this function right there. Self.userinputfieldinterdata. So let's go there. Let's go to the userinputfieldinterdata. So recall that userinputfield is a type input field. So then we jump up to the input field class right here and then the intradata function is right here. So what we're doing now is we're stuck on this line right there. It's saying enter the text. You can see right here. And that's what it's waiting for. So let's say I enter in a a and then I hit enter. What happens next is that self.tax is passed in a a. So it's as if I have input like this, a right there. Then we call the mediators notify function. So we pop back down to the mediator notify. Notify right there. And then the sender type is user input field. The sender is user input field. That's the actual object. So if we go through our ifL statement, we notice that user input fields right there. It matches userinputfield here. So we end up going to this area right here. And then so in this case, it's just going to do in comparison. And it's just just going to check if my credentials match and it's going to say if the user name matches or not. So in this case, if it does not match, then it's going to change the status text to say user name has not been registered. But in my case, a is a registered username. So let me just do the case where I'm not registered. The second type of Jeff. Then you see right here, user name has not been registered. So that's how the flow goes. If I pop back to the diagram, we saw in the slides, the component in this case, calls the operation, the operation calls in notify in the mediator and then the mediator, then calls whatever the component needs to be called. So I think in this case, I didn't actually have my components call other components, but that is generally how it works. So in this case, I guess the flow in this example was we were in the concrete mediator class and it had its execute loop, which depending on the function that we're calling, we'll call a component. Once that component is done its operation, then it goes back to call the notify to do whatever code needs to do and then the while loop continues. Yeah, so that is the mediator pattern in that shell. Try this out yourself, definitely. Maybe have the diagram of the mediator pattern on one side and then try to follow the code as we're going through it.