 Now that we know what a wrapper is, let's look at the first structural pattern, which is the proxy. And the reason I'm introducing this pattern is it's literally a wrapper. So a proxy is just a wrapper. And its purpose is to control access to the wrapper. So here's the example. Let's say I have a database, and querying this database is really slow. And normally, the clients can directly query the database. And I might not want this, because the client shouldn't have direct access to my database. So instead of doing this, I'm going to introduce a proxy or intermediate step, where from the client's perspective, they think they're directly accessing my database. But in reality, they're just going to be accessing the proxy. And the purpose of the proxy is to maybe perform some enhancements, optimizations. Maybe there's some caching. So when the client requests something from the database, it's first going to be saved into the proxy. And then the next client that requests the same data, it never actually reaches the database. And it just gets some cashed data from the proxy and it's returned. So a lot of functionality can be added into the proxy without touching any of the code within the database. Or another example, it could be for handling authorization. So instead of the client directly accessing the database, maybe this is a moderator, this is a guest, and this is a guest. Then the proxy can have code in there to do all those checks before we give access to that database. And yeah, the whole purpose of this also is for one proxy can add additional behavior. And second is that the clients don't know that they're dealing with the proxy. From their perspective, they think they're actually accessing the database. So let's look at the general form of the proxy pattern. And hopefully this class diagram itself already looks familiar. We have some top-level interface. And that interface needs to state all the methods that the proxy and the rapi need to override. So the proxy down here needs to have an operation method that's overriding, which is right here. And the service also needs to have the operation method that it's overriding. Next is that the proxy is the rapper. So it's going to be wrapping around a service object. So that's why we have this number variable here. Any calls that are made into the proxy are going to be forwarded to this real service member. And then all the actual logic to do the operation is going to be done within the service. So let's look at some code to model this very simple pattern. So let's bring up this line side by side again. Here we go. And we're just going to model this very simple kind of high-level version of the proxy pattern. So here we have our service interface. So again, this is going to be our abstract base class. And then I'm just going to be implementing the operation method. So we have our operation method here. And you see it's abstract. So it's just an empty operation method. Next, I'm going to be implementing actually, let's just jump down to the service. So the service here is going to be this child class. And for the operation, it's going to do the actual work for whatever operation we want to do. And in this case, it's going to print out doing service operation code. And that's all there is there. And then we have our proxy. So the proxy is going to be our rapper. So proxy itself also inherits from our service interface. And it must implement all the methods that we state in her interface. So we have our operation method. And in this case, the whole purpose of the proxy is it's going to add functionality on top of whatever the real service does. So in this case, the new functionality that I'm adding is we can do some code before our call to the operation. And we're going to do some code after our call to the operation. But ultimately, at some point, we do want to call our real service to do something. So we're going to call our real service member variable to call operation. So this call is actually just calling this service to do some real work. And the next thing we have to keep in mind for a proxy is that we must take an instance of the service as a parameter whenever we're constructing ourself. So we have to have this real service assigned to service because our proxy is going to be wrapping around this real service object. So then when we bring it all together, but it looks like it's following. So our client code here is probably going to do something like this. We'll make an instance of the real, let's say in this scenario, I'm just kind of pretending that we're trying to simulate YouTube. So for instance, when we go to YouTube.com, we're probably not connecting to a server that's at Google's headquarters somewhere in California. We're probably connecting to a proxy YouTube server somewhere in Seattle, maybe. So this service represents, let's say, the real YouTube down in California. And then this proxy is actually the server that's going to be wrapping around calls to the real YouTube. So I'm going to pass real YouTube as an argument into, let's say, the Seattle servers here. So this proxy is going to be like our Seattle servers. And then so this real YouTube is passed into our Seattle server, which gets passed in here and assigned to real service. So you can kind of think of it like the Seattle servers has a reference to the Google servers. And so that's then we save all that into a proxy YouTube member variable. And then so from the client's perspective, like when you were you were I go to YouTube, we we're just going to call YouTube to perform some operation from our perspective. We're using the real YouTube, but in reality, we're just using a proxy version of YouTube. So I'm just going to directly call operation. So then if I run this code, what's going to happen is that when we call operation here, we're actually calling operation on a proxy version of YouTube. So it's going to call the proxy's operation method. It's going to print out the proxy operation before it calls the real YouTube to do something. And then in a real scenario, maybe after I get the video from YouTube, I want to do some caching. So here I would do some caching of that YouTube video. So the code after we do some caching. And then the next time someone else calls the same video, then we won't call the real YouTube. We're just going to return a cached version of the video back out. So that's an example, a very simple example of this pattern.