 Next we're going to talk about how Python treats our functions with their objects. I want you to try out some code yourself. So try typing out this code in your PyCharm or your commenshell. So we have some function called some function and it prints out something. I want you to do the following. Assign some function without the parentheses into an object. Then after that, just print out all these statements. Try printing out the function object variable. Try printing out its under name and under class. And try to print out its type of that function object. And finally, just try calling that function object variable right here. Kind of like it was a function by adding the parentheses around it. And you'll notice you get the following output. So if you print the function object itself, it says this is some function. Some function, which is kind of weird because how could a variable be a function? And it looks like that function exists at some memory address. If you print out the name, it prints out the name of the function itself. If you print out what kind of class it belongs to, you see that your variable function object belongs to a function class. Again, same idea. If you type out, print out the type of the function object. It also says it's of the function class. And if you were to call your variable function object with the parentheses, kind of like it's a function, it will actually directly call the some function function and do whatever code is inside of it. So it'll print out something in the end. And the reason this is happening is because functions are treated in an object or into programming manner. In other words, they're treated like their objects. And in fact, a lot of you have actually been using this in your code already. Everyone has already been using functions as objects. So some of you might have gotten some errors when you tried to call your code and forgot to mention the parentheses. And then the error might say something like there's something wrong with the object, but you weren't actually using an object, you're using a variable. Or some of you have actually tried to put your functions, in dictionaries, and then map them to some menu choices. So if you haven't seen this before, let's check out some code that shows this in action. So here we have my function objects code. And what I'm trying to do is create our calculator. Very similar to our very first lab. So we have some some function, subtract function, multiply, and divide. So nothing too crazy. And then in my main, I'm going to provide a menu and allow the user to do these calculations. But I'm going to do something a little bit tricky. So first, I'm going to print out the menu. And then I get whatever the choice is, convert it to an integer and then save their choice. That's fine. Nothing, nothing new. But what I'm doing here, though, is a little bit tricky. So here I'm creating a dictionary. You know it's a dictionary because I have the curly braces surrounding this. And I have a bunch of key value pairs. I have keys, which are the numbers, 1, 2, 3, and 4. And then notice my values are a little bit weird. These are actually the names of my functions. So some subtract, multiply, and divide. If I scroll back up, notice that this is the names of all of my functions. I'm just missing the parentheses to call them. So here is just the names without the parentheses like that. And what I'm actually doing is I'm mapping the key, which is the numbers, to a function itself. And saving that into my input map dictionary. And then what that allows me to do is that when I grab the choice from the user in terms of what what function they want to call, I'm going to pass that choice into the dictionary. So let's say I pass in the number 1 as my choice. That looks into my dictionary and grabs the key value pair with the key of 1. So it's going to look at 1, grab the sum. So that's actually the function itself. It grabs the sum function and then saves it into my calculator operation variable. So calculator operation is actually pointing to my sum function. Later on, I'm just going to ask for two inputs because it's the sum function. It requires two parameters. So I get first and second number. And then here, I'm going to call my variable calculator operation. That's currently pointing to sum, my sum function. And then call that variable like it was a function itself. So I'm going to pass in the two numbers. So this line right here, assuming I'm pointing to my sum function, is equivalent to me writing this code down here. It's like I'm directly calling the sum function. And then I'm passing in two parameters. So that's it. So if I run the code and do exactly like I mentioned, I'm going to call the add or some function. And then notice it's querying me for input number one and two. So let's say five and six. Then calculator at this point has a sum function in it. So it's like it's doing this. Some it's calling the sum function. And then it's passing in five and six into num one and the num two. So that's why the result of this is 11 because it's calling sum on five and six. So you can see directly that we're assigning our functions directly into a variable. So it's showing that our functions are treated kind of like objects in Python. So what this allows us to do is it makes it very easy for us to write event driven programming. And so that means that we can store our functions as objects. And then since we can do that, we can pass our functions around as arguments to different to other different functions. And later on we can call our saved function objects in the future when when some condition is met. And these functions that are passed around that can be called later on are known as callbacks or callback functions. Functions that are meant to handle events such as mouse or button clicks are known as event handlers. And event handlers are just another type of callback. In fact, you can fire multiple event handlers when an event occurs. And this is the essence of a event driven programming. So in this picture, all it's saying that whenever you have a GUI and you click on a button, that's what we call an event or something has happened. So an event has occurred and that is a signal that's sent to some other piece of code. And this piece of code is responsible for responding to that event. Or in other words, it's a it's handling an event. And how it handles that is it executes some code that's going to change the appearance of your website, for instance. And this is extremely easy to have event driven programming in Python. You don't have to worry about advanced constructs like delegates, for instance, you don't have to wrap your functions around another object. It's much simpler to write these functions in Python because these functions are objects themselves. So if this seems a bit confusing, let's check out an example of callback functions. So let's check out the callback example. So in this code, I have a timer that's going to tick down from let's say three seconds to zero. And then once it hits zero, then a bunch of functions are going to be called. And let's see how I set this up. So first of all, let's look at our callback functions. We have callback one, two, and three. They don't really do much, they just print out a message after some time has passed. And the idea is that this function is automatically called after some event has happened. And it just so happens, the event that we're looking for is when the timer reaches zero. Okay, so these callback functions are just like floating around in space. And then we have our timer. So our timer is just a class that's going to tick down from some set duration. And that the end of that duration, it's going to call these callback functions. So see in our timer, we have some duration in seconds that's saved here. And then here's going to be our list of callback functions. So these are going to be our list of functions that will be called as soon as our time hits zero. So how that works is that here is where we load our callbacks list with new functions. So this function takes in a function, another function, I should say. And then it adds that function to our list of callback functions. And then this is the main part of the timer. When we execute this code, what happens is that we're going to sleep our program for this number of seconds. And so it sleeps one second every time. And at the very end of it, whatever is in our list of callback callback's list here will be called. So what this is saying is that for our list of callbacks, so for every function that's in our list of callbacks, we're going to call them directly. So this is like a function. So we're just calling that function and then passing our self as a timer into that function. So let's try to trace through this actually. So for in the main, here's what we're doing initially. We set up our timer to tick down for three seconds. So we're not starting the timer just yet. We're just loading it with three as in three seconds. And then right here, we're going to add a bunch of functions to our timer's callback function list. So here, we're passing in our callback one function. So as a reminder, our callback one function is here. We're literally just putting this whole function and passing it into the call me back function in my timer. So let's go back there. So in the call me back function inside of the timer, we take in a function and we append it to the list of functions that we want to call back at the very end. So all this code is saying is that we're going to add three separate functions. To our list of callback functions, that's what these three are doing. And after that's done, then we're going to start our timer. So let's run this code and see what happens. So ticks 012 and then on the third second, it calls our event handlers. So let's break that down a little bit more. So at the beginning of our program, we run the timer in the timer. So in our timer code, right here, run timer, we're going to sleep for three seconds. So we sleep 012 and then on the third second, we're finished. So when we hit the third second on this line, we're going to hit this line of code. And this says that for every function, for every callback function, in our list of callback functions, we're just going to call them all directly. So recall that we have three functions in here. So this for loop will execute three times. First time is going to call this one. So callback one timer gets called and you see that we have this message printed out, event handler one, then this one's called where we have event handler two. And then this one's called the has event handler three, event handler three right there. And then so we also get passed in a timer object that allows us to determine how much time has passed. So this timer is passed in because when we call our callback function, we're passing in self. And in this case, self is referring to an instance of our timer, our timer object. So yeah, so that's how callback functions work. And it's super easy as you can see in Python, all you have to do is pass in the name of your function. And then whenever you want to call it later on, you just save it somewhere. In this case, we saved it in our list of callbacks. And then we call anything in this list, just directly like it was a regular function like that.