 In this code, we're going to be simulating that little game where we have a character that can swap between different weapons. And we have our Yomo diagram on the left, where we have our character, which is going to be our context, and then we have our strategy, which is all the different weapons that can swap. Two, and then in my case, I'm going to have my main method be my item Acquipper. So let's begin with the strategy first. So this is the weapon that we're going to be able to swap in and out. So let's begin with the weapon itself. And our weapon itself is going to be an abstract base class. And in my case, I'm just going to have an initializer that sets this default damage to zero, and then an abstract method called attack. That's going to take an enemy and then return whatever damage value that it's going to do. So pretty much pretty empty. I could have made this pass and that would work the same, but this is fine. So that's going to be our abstract weapon interface. Next, let's go ahead and implement the sword. So for our concrete strategy sword, we're going to have some different properties to it. So in the initializer, the sword will have five damage, and then the unique code in the sword attack method is I'm going to print out this specific message saying that I'm hitting some enemy with a sword for some damage. And then I decrement the enemy's health and then return whatever damage that I dealt. And then the rest of the concrete strategies will follow a similar pattern. So for the spear, spear just does a little bit more damage, 10 damage instead. And then for the attack method, it's going to print out that it's a spear doing some damage to some enemy and then decrementing the enemy's health and returning damage. And then bone arrow. Similar idea, bone arrow does the most damage, 15 damage, it prints out bone arrow does some damage to some enemy and decommence the health and returns the damage. So hopefully you can see that with this simple example, this can be extended to something more complicated where maybe the bone arrow spear and con sword does it like different properties for each. And though this is very simple, the only real difference is I'm printing out sword, spear and bone arrow, but maybe it's something more complicated, maybe in bone arrows, they do a multiplication of damage. So damage times three something and then spears have maybe an ice effect, then you would add some ice effect in here. So that would make it much more unique, but hopefully you get the idea how we can make the attack methods a little bit different in this case. So that finishes the strategies and now let's go over to the context. So the character is a context where the context is the thing that's going to be using our strategies. So we see that in our character, they have a name, health, and then here is where we're going to be using use strategy. So those self that weapon is eventually going to be pointing right here to one of our weapons. And then the most important part is we have to have some way to change our strategy at runtime. So for the character, they need a set weapon method. So this is a way to change our strategy at any time we want. And then we also have our method to eventually call our strategy to do something. So in our character, we have an attack method that eventually is just going to defer that method call to the weapon. So you see here we're calling our strategy to perform its attack method. So here we're calling strategy to perform its behavior. And the great thing about this is now we don't have to have a whole bunch of if else statements to check if we're using a sword, spear, or bone arrow. So all that is done through polymorphism where it figures out what kind of weapon we're using at runtime. And then this isn't part of the pattern, but just a little helper method to print out the character's name and their health. So that's it for the context and the strategies. So now all we have to do is bring it all together. And here we have our main. So in this case, this would be similar to my item equipment, but this is going to be my main instead. So the purpose of my main is I want to be able to instantiate all my different context and strategies and then hook them up in different ways. So here I'm going to be creating all my separate strategies. So you see I create my sword, spear, and bone arrow. And then I'm going to instantiate two separate characters. So I have a first character called Erigorn, a hundred health, and I'm going to initialize them to use a sword. So my Erigorn is using the sword strategy at the beginning. And then similar idea, the Soron character is also going to be using a sword initially, but it doesn't have to be. I can change the spear. It doesn't matter. We can do that. That's fine. Sword and spear. So Soron's using a spear, Erigorn's using a sword. And then at this point, I'm going to then have the characters attack each other. So the first thing I do is I'm going to call attack Erigorn to attack Soron. And then later on, oops, later on, I decide, wait a minute, I want to make Erigorn switch to a spear. So all I have to do is I call this set weapon method, pass in the spear. And after this code is executed, now Erigorn is using a spear. So the next time that Erigorn is calling the attack method, it's going to be attacking Soron with a spear. And then I do it once more. I then decide the Erigorn once I switch to a bone arrow. So I just call this set weapon method instead of Erigorn to pass it bone arrow. And then now when I call the attack method, it's going to be attacking Soron with a bone arrow. And then the very, very end Soron's going to attack Erigorn. And then the weapon that Soron's going to be using is the initial spear that I had up here that I initialized Soron with. And then very end, I just print out the information about the characters to see how much health they have. So let's just run this code and see what we see. I'll try to try to trace through it a little bit. Okay, so we create our strategies, then we initialize our characters, and then we call attack. So for Erigorn, on the first call to attack, let's see what happens. So we call attack, which is here. And then what happens on this line is we're calling self.weapon.attack. So in the beginning, Erigorn's weapon, so self.weapon is equal to sword. So we're going to call sword.attack. So this attack will be calling the swords attack method, which is here. So let's go print out this message. And we see that that's exactly what happens. So Erigorn hit Soron. So Soron with the sword. With the sword for five damage. So it's five damage because the sword was set to five damage. And then we come back to our character. Damage is passed to here and then return damage. We don't actually do anything with damage, but that's what happens. Next thing we do is we swap out the weapon. So now we're setting Erigorn's weapon to spear. And all that happens in the set weapon method is literally just setting the character's weapon to whatever is passed in. So we're here setting the weapon to spear. And then once again, we call the attack method in Erigorn. So in my character's attack method, we call this one again. In this case, we're going to call spear.attack. So in spear.attack, we call this line. And we see that we do have a spear attack for 10 damage. So then next one, we set the weapon to bow and arrow and then attack. So won't go through it again, but I think you get the point that here you can see that we have swapped it out to bow and arrow is attacking for 15 damage. And then when Soron attacks Erigorn, we initially set Soron to have a spear up here. So that's why it says that Soron hit Erigorn with a spear for 10 damage. And then the very very end, we print out the health of each of our characters. And we see that they have both lost a little bit health depending on which weapon they were hit with. Yeah, so I know this is a pretty simple example, I think, but I think it pretty clearly demonstrates how cool it is that we can swap out these strategies at runtime with the character. And the other cool part is we can add new new weapons without touching the character code. So I can really easily do that right now. So let's just try to create a new weapon. Let's call it let's say Canon and then does let's say 75 damage and then with a Canon. And then all I have to do is in my main, I'm just going to create a new Canon. So Canon equals a new Canon object. And then down here, let's say let's make Soron attack Erigorn with the Canon. So Soron dot set weapon Canon. And then Soron dot attack Erigorn. And let's see what happens. Let's just run this. And yeah, we can see that Soron hit Erigorn with the Canon for 75 damage. Erigorn is 15 health. Yeah, so hopefully just by me showing you that you can see how really easily we can create new weapons on the fly. Just by extending the weapon and we don't even have to touch any of the code inside of character. And we will have a new weapon that the character can use. So some of the benefits of the strategy pattern is that you can use different algorithms for different use cases and swap them around a runtime. We've seen this in our character and weapon example. It adheres to the open close principle. So if you want to add a new strategy or a new weapon, it's really easy to do that just by extending the base strategy that we have with a modifying the context or character. We effectively replace inheritance with composition and you saw that it kind of looked like a bridge pattern where we had a wrapper in the context that's wrapping around a weapon object. And we isolate the implementation of a strategy from the code that uses it. So this means that we isolated the weapon from the characters. The character itself can be implemented completely separately from the weapon and we won't have any knock on effects. The disadvantage is that it's a little bit of overkill if you only have a few algorithms that rarely switch. So in our example, we had three or more weapons that we wanted to switch. So it makes sense to use this pattern. But let's say you only had two separate algorithms you want to switch between then maybe it's not necessary to write all these different classes. And the final thing is that at some point, something needs to know how to switch strategies or what strategies strategies are available. So in our case, we had some client code that knew that a spear existed and the story existed. So you so that client needs to be aware of these different strategies in order to be able to use them.