 So I want to give you a more concrete example. So that's going to begin with the problem that we're addressing. So I mentioned that we're creating a game where we want to have different game states in our game that's controlled by a finite state machine. So so a finite state machine is what we talked about earlier. It's our way to model a system that has multiple states and different transitions to these states. So depending on the kind of input that the user gives us, our finite state machine can change into one of three different states. So if we think of those regular games, typically when you start a game, you kind of boot it up for the first time. You are agree with the main menu and then from that main menu, you have an option to like start actually start playing the game. And then you that kind of goes into a gameplay and then you'll play the game and then when the character dies, then there's a game over screen, something like that. So these are our three different states. Yeah, so the finite state machine is a way for us to represent how we kind of change the states in our game. And our game is going to start off in the main menu state. So just kind of going over what all the different states can do and all the different transitions that can occur is that if you're in the main menu state, then you can go into the game and start actually playing the game. Or you can exit the program. If you happen to be in the gameplay state, you're actually in the game playing it. Then you can as long as your character doesn't die and that you can keep playing the game. Otherwise, if the character dies, then you can immediately go to the game over state. And then when you're in the game over state, then you can kind of return to the main menu state or exit the program. So as a little bit of an exercise, I kind of suggest that he was trying to join the game well diagram and we'll be going over that in a bit. But what I want to do is help us visualize all these different state transfers first. So this this diagram represents all the different states in our finite state machine and all the different possible transitions to and from there. So imagine here is where we start our flow when we start our program, we begin by entering the main menu state. And then from that main menu state, you have two options. You can either start the game or you can exit. So let's say we start the game then when we're in the gameplay in the gameplay state. And from here, there is pretty much two options as well. We can keep playing. So it's like an infinite loop. Whereas as long as the player stays alive, then we stay in the gameplay state. Whereas if they die and go over the game over state and when you're in the game over state, then the two options either they go back to the main menu or choosing restart. Or they choose exit and there we exit and show me the program. So here's our full possible states in our finite state machine. So this is what we're trying to model. So with our state design pattern, we're pretty much going to model all three of these states. So state one, state two, state three. And then we have a finite state machine that we're also going to model. So let's kind of start checking that out. So a little bit actually before I begin with that is that let's kind of describe what these states are. But pop back a slide. So within a state, I kind of wanted to explain what happens within each state in the in the games sense. So typically when you're in the creating a game and you enter a state, you want to do three things. First generally is that you want to have three different functions. You want to begin function and update function and function. So when you enter a state. So here in the diagram when your finite state machine says the state begins is just call that states begin function and in that begin method. You might be doing some code to initialize our state. So here in our begin method, we initialize our state. Maybe let's say you enter the main menu screen, main menu state. Then the first thing you want to do in your begin method is you want to pop up maybe the title of your game. You pop up two buttons to show the options that you have. Next thing the next method you need is an update method. So this is just like a pretty much a loop. An update loop that happens every frame. So any code that you need to happen every frame. You do that there. And then when it comes time for you to exit your state. Then you have one method where you executed once when you exit to clean up any code that you need to. So depending on which state you're entering, whether it's the main menu, gameplay or game over states, they all have different code in there. So just a little bit of a reminder. These three methods. These are not required for the state design pattern. These are only required for the specific game example. So yeah, let's finally check out the class diagrams. Okay, so let's start off with the finite state machine. So again, the finite state machine is our context in our design pattern. And this is the one that's going to be pretty much a wrapper for all of our states. So you notice here's our finite state machine class. And then this is pretty much wrapping each of the individual states. So you have one single state variable. And then that's going to be changing between main menu, gameplay and game over. And then this running Boolean. This is just a little Boolean to help me figure out when we quit the game. And so in terms of methods, we have is we have our regular init. We have a change state function that will help us to as it implies help us change between all the different states. And then we have an update function. This is going to be pretty much an infinite loop that's going to keep running our updates on all the states until the state tells us to stop. And then I have this to is to help her methods that will just help me set when the state or finite state machine should quit. Then next thing now that we've completed our finite state machine class diagram, we have our state class diagrams. So in our state class diagram, we begin with our abstract class, which is this top level state. And in this case, this state at some point needs to talk back to our finite state machine to let it know when to change states. So that's why I have this member variable here context, which is just a reference back to the finite state machine. And in terms of methods, what we need to do is just a regular init and then set context. So this is a way for us to set this state to point back to our finite state machine. And then we mentioned to us, like to go we had these kind of three methods we need. We have our begin update and methods. So then this is this completes our abstract state class. And then down here here's where concrete states. So we have our main menu state, our gameplay state and game over script state. And then so each of these begin update and end methods, these will override the ones from our abstract class above and do game over specific things here. And then gameplay specific things here and then main menu specific things here. So then if we kind of almost put it all together, we have our finite state machine floating out here. We have our all over different states over here. And of course we need some client to kind of put these all together. So that's where our main client is here. So in terms of like how we actually put this together, the main is our client. And then what happens is that the main is pretty much instantiate our finite state machine and our first state. And then it's just going to have an infinite wild loop pretty much. That's going to keep calling the final state machines update function continuously until one of the states internally tells the final state machine to stop running. So that's where this running boolean is for. So then let's put these all together and let's change. Draw this if I can. So our main because this is the one that just instantiate everything, this should just be a week dependency there to the states and a week dependency there to the finite state machines. And then so the next thing is there is a dependency between the final state machines and the states. So. It should at least be something like this saying that a finite state machine is made up of a few states. And then because we have this one context right here that points back to our finance state machine, we need one arrow. Association that goes back there. So I think that should be the part diagram. So let's flip to the next slide. And yeah, it's something like that. So this is our full class diagram. And so just to go over these arrows again, the main just instant sheets. Probably just the main menu at some point. That's why I have this arrow down here and the main main the main client also instant sheets a finite state machine. And then here because the final state machine can take on multiple types of states. I just have this kind of aggregate arrow here. And then because the state itself has one reference back to the context, we have this one arrow pointing back on the left side. Yeah, so let's check out the code and I'll probably flip back and forth to kind of link the code to this diagram. Let's check it out.