 Next is a very simple pattern known as the facade. And all a facade pattern does is it encapsulates or hides a complex system or API. And we want to use it when we want to provide a simple interface to a complex system. And all it does is it's going to abstract away all the details of a complex system or API into one very very simple interface. So just a bit more information about it is oftentimes we have to implement a complex API in our program. And this complex API has a bunch of classes and moving parts. And not only that, maybe sometimes we have to import some other packages. And we only want to use a subset of these features to solve a specific problem. The purpose of the facade is it encapsulates all these complex systems and hides a complexity so that the client doesn't have to worry about it. So the rest of the code only needs to be aware of the simple interface provided by the facade. So in this diagram what's happening is let's say we have a whole bunch of our complicated code over here. And we have some external package or library that we're importing that also has its own set of complicated API calls. And what we're going to do is we're going to try to hide all that complexity with a completely separate class known as the facade. And all it has inside of it is a single simple method here. And the purpose of the simple method is to only call the required methods that we need to perform whatever operation that we want. So from the client's perspective all we have to do is the client will only interact with this very simple facade to perform whatever operation it wants. And the client doesn't have to worry about calling all individual specific methods in here. So from a top level perspective what the class diagram looks like is this the client is going to interact with a special facade class. And then from the client's perspective all they do is call a single subsystem operation method. And then within the subsystem operation method itself will call a whole bunch of other methods within all these other classes. And then this is just an optional additional facade assuming you wanted additional behavior. So let's first look at this part, the client, the facade, and a whole bunch of complicated classes. And we're going to check it out with the simple facade code. So this is a very, very simple code. And first thing I want to show you is a bunch of classes. So in our diagram we had a whole bunch of these subsystem classes that was doing a lot of complicated things. So I mentioned that this is a code that actually does the things that we want to do. And how I'm representing it in this example right here is I just have a bunch of classes that each has a bunch of methods that just does something. Each of them has separate completely unrelated do something methods. And also notice that these classes are completely unrelated to each other. They're not inheriting from the same interface or anything like that. So these three classes are representing this cloud of subsystem classes. And that's really complicated. And I don't want the client to have to worry about calling all these methods. So what I'm going to do instead is I create a facade class. So again, this doesn't have to be called facade. I'm just calling that here for demonstration purposes. And in this facade class, I'm going to directly instantiate one of each of my classes. So class one, two, and three. And from the client's perspective, they only want to do a single thing. And I'm going to expose that to the client by creating a single do something method. And you see that in the do something method, I'm pretty much just calling all the methods in the other classes to do something. So then that's it. That's all there is to this specific pattern for the facade and the classes. And then how we bring it all together in our main is I'm just going to make an instance of my facade. So here, make an instance of the facade and then directly call it to do something. And the result is that from the client's perspective, all they're doing is calling a single method. And then the result that they get is the facade itself has all the logic inside of it's do something method to call the correct methods to do whatever we want to do. And then the result that they get is the facade itself has all the logic inside of it's do something method to call the correct methods to do whatever we want to do. And then the result that they get is the facade itself has all the logic inside of it's do something method to call the correct methods to do whatever we want to do. And then the result that they get is the facade itself has all the logic inside of it's do something method to call the correct methods to do whatever we want to do. And then the result that they get is the facade itself has all the logic inside of it's do something method to call the correct methods to do whatever we want to do.