 Here is the code for our game world. And I'm going to have the code on the right side and keep the UML diagram on the left side just secreted before. And what I'm going to do is just step through the code line by line. So at the beginning, I mentioned that we have two different worlds. We have a aquatic water world and a fire lens fire world. And I'm going to represent that with just some simple enums. So we have our world enum enum and we have the aquatic and fire lens. And let's begin by looking at the products. So I'm going to zoom in a little bit and focus on the friendly characters. And which is this part right here. Right here. We're going to focus on these ones. So that's specifically focus on the friendly abstract class. So here, this is going to represent all the friendly characters in our game. So we have our friendly class inherits from abstract base class. And then we have our initialize that takes in a name and some health. And all the friendly characters are going to do is that they have the ability to talk. So you have this abstract talk method. That doesn't do anything, which is fine. Then we have the variations for our merpeople and our fire sprites down here. And let's focus on the merpeople for now. So the merperson is inheriting from our friendly base class, which we've seen our diagram. And when we're initializing our self, we have merperson and as our name and 54 or health. And we're going to call super init to pass that to our friendly abstract base class initializer. Then when we talk, the merperson's just going to say, hi, I am a merperson. And that's it for the merperson friendly class. Next we have the fire sprite. So the fire sprite is going to represent a friendly character in a fire based world. So here, this is a fire sprite name and they have 100 health. And this says, when you call the talk function, it's going to print out I'm a fire sprite and I like hot chocolate. So that's it for the friendly class. So very, very simple. That's the friendly product hierarchy. Now let's move on to the enemy product hierarchy right here, specifically the abstract enemy class. So here we have our enemy abstract base class. And you see that they're a little bit more complicated. They have initializer with the name, health, strength, and dodge chance. So we're just setting all those values here for the member variable. And they also have an attack and defend function. So when the attack, they just say the name of itself is attacking the ship. And then if we call the defend function, then we're going to roll a dice and randomly see if the number is less than the dodge chance. And if it is return true, otherwise return false. So that's all baked into the enemy class. And that's it. So next we have the Kraken class. So Kraken is going to be the water based enemy. So here in their initializer, we're just going to set the Kraken name. And then we have different values. So their health is going to be 90. And then strength is going to be 100 that pass in the bear. And 0.3 is the dodge chance that we're passing in. And that's it. So Kraken just has different attributes, different values for all these attributes. And then for the imp over here, similar idea. They're just going to call supers initializer and set some different values for the minion. So the imp minion has 20 health, 20 strength, and 0.5 dodge chance. And that's all there is for the enemies. So that's pop on over to the animal product class. So in the animal product class, again, they're a natural act base class. And animals can only move around the world. So they have a name and some speed. And then they have a move function that just says their name and they've moved some squares in some distance. So that was this one right here. And then we look at the water-based jellyfish character. So for the jellyfish subclass, we're inheriting from animal. And then we're just calling the supers initializer, passing in our name, and then our specific speed that we move at. And then for the firefly right here, firefly class, also inherits from animal. And we just call super to state our name and our movement speed. So hopefully that was clear. We just so far we've finished all of our product categories in our diagram. So all this top part up here is finished. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to focus on the factories down here. So we're specifically going to focus on the character factory first. So let's zoom into there and look at how we create the character factory. So the character factory inherits from the abstract base class. And it has three creation methods. Because we want to be able to create friendly enemy and animal characters. So you see we have three separate create friendly, create enemy, and create animal abstract methods. And you see they're all empty because we don't actually create the object until we reach the concrete version of our factory. So let's go ahead and look at that. First thing we're going to do is we're going to look at the aquatic character factory. So that is this one right here. And this factory is focused on creating all the water or aquatic based characters. So in its create friendly function or method, we're going to be choosing to create the character or the friendly character that's related to water environments. And in this case, if we follow the orange arrows, the friendly character in the water environment happens to be a mer person. So that's why we're returning a mer person here. We could have easily picked fire sprites. That would have worked fine too. But we realize that fire sprites isn't a water based character. So it makes sense that we choose the water based friendly character instead. So that's why for the rest of these, for the enemy, the enemy for water based enemies is the Kraken. So we choose to return the Kraken here. And then for the create animal, the water based animal was a jellyfish. So that's how we turn a jellyfish here. So what we return in all of these is just purely based on the purpose of our game and our design. So that's why we chose all of the water based characters in this case. And then so the same idea for the fire lens. So if you look at the fire lens factory, this one here, this is going to call all the fire based characters. So for the friendly fire character, it's going to get a fire sprites. So fire sprites here. And then for the enemies, the fire based enemies is the imp right here. And then the create animal for the fire based animal is a firefly. It's over here. So very similar to what we did for aquatic animal, just choosing all of the fire based characters. And that's it. So that finishes the poppew or the factory, the factory classes. Next we have the world popular. So this isn't part of the pattern. It's just part of the game. And the purpose of this class is I needed some way to choose which factory to get. And all I have is this fancy dictionary. This is just mapping my enum to a factory. So we see that the aquatic enum is mapped to the aquatic character factory class. And the fire enum is mapped to the my fire factory class. I'm just making a fancy factory getter here. So don't worry too much about what's happening. You can implement this any number of ways. I just happen to use this way. And I just have a get factory function where I pass an enum. And then it's going to use that enum to look inside of my dictionary. So this is my dictionary. And I'm saying that I want to get the, I guess the enum that has this specific world type. So if I pass in a aquatic world type into here, this is going to return me the aquatic factory. If I pass in the fire world type here for my enum, then it's going to return me the fire factory instead. So this factory class is just whatever factory of I've mapped to my enum. And then I'm going to return an instance of that factory. So notice I'm actually adding the parentheses at the end. So I make an instance of whatever class that I'm getting. OK, let's then let's see the world. So this is my game world. And in this game world, I want to populate it with a bunch of different characters and then make them do things. So then in this class game world, I have an initializer and then I take an a factory. And this is where, again, the magic happens. This is where the abstract factory pattern really comes into play. I don't know what kind of factory I'm going to be getting here. This can be a water factory or it could be a fire factory or a future rock factory, let's say. I don't know. So this is effectively my game client. And my game client is now has a dependency on the character factory, which is great. I want my client to depend on the abstract character factory. I don't want this client to depend on any of these concrete factories. And we see in the code that in this character factory, I'm depending on an unknown abstract factory right here. That's perfect. And then for this character factory, which I assigned here, self world popular factory, you can see I have a bunch of MTE character list. So I have a list of friendly characters, list of enemy characters, list of animal characters. And then I just set my factory to my member variable world popular factory. And then so in this four, a bunch of four loops, I'm going to be creating a bunch of characters. So in this four range loop of five, I'm going to call my factory. I don't know what kind of factory it's going to be. But I'm just going to call the factory and then call the create friendly method. And I'm going to call it five times. And then for whatever friendly characters I create, I'm going to save them into my friendlies list. So you see here, I'm appending all these friendly characters I'm creating into my friendlies list. And the same idea for all these other ones. So for the for the enemies, I'm going to call the world popular or my factory, sorry, for the factory, I'm going to call the create enemy function. And then whatever enemies it creates, I'm going to add them to my enemies list. And then for this last one here, I'm going to create a bunch of animals. So for my factory, I'm going to create a bunch of animals. And then whatever animals we create, I just add them to my animals list. So after all this is done, I'm going to have five friendly animals, five friendly characters, sorry, five enemy characters and five animal characters in each of these lists. Cool. And then afterwards, I'm going to have a separate simulated function. This is where I actually have all of my characters do something. So I just have a bunch of four loops. So for every friendly character in my friendlies list, I'm going to have them all talk for all the enemy characters in my enemy list. I'm going to have them say their name and see if they successfully defended something. And then for all the animals in my animal list, I have them move around. All right. So then finally, that brings us to the main. So the main is kind of acting like the controller or director of all the actions. So first thing I do is I create an instance of my world populator. So again, the world populator is just a little helpful class for me to choose whichever factory I want to use. So let's start off by calling our populator to get the fire lens factory. So again, this is going to be an enum that I pass into this function. And that function is going to return me the fire factory. And so this is going to be a fire factory here. And then I pass in my fire factory into my game world. And I save that into my world. And then it's called the world to simulate. So let's run this and try to lock through this a bit. OK. So you see that when I ran the program just based on this code, I know that I'm creating a fire world. And then in this fire world, I'm going to be simulating what happens. And you see that all this printouts is all fire-based things. So all the friendly fire characters are printing out. All the fire enemies are printing out their defend functions. And all the fire animals are moving around the world. And very easily, if I let's say I switch it over to the aquatic world, then if I run the code again, then you see that it has magically changed to automatically use all the water-based characters now. So here you see that it has changed to the water-based friendly characters, the water-based enemies, and water-based animals. So let's try to lock through this a little bit and see what happens. All right. So first of all, we create an instance of our populator and our populator is right here. And then for that populator, I think we're calling it to or just creating an instance of it. Sure, we create an instance of populator. And I think initially it does nothing. We don't have it in it, so it does nothing. So then the next thing we do is we call our populator to get a specific factory with the aquatic enum. So let's go into our aquatic get factory and we're passing in the aquatic enum. So what that really means is that we're passing in our aquatic. Hold on, let me just get the enum. So worldenum.acquatic. So worldenum.acquatic. Yeah, so let's say we passed in the aquatic enum here. So it's effectively the same as me directly passing worldenum.acquatic to this dictionary. So this aquatic is going to match up with this aquatic. So our dictionary is going to return the aquatic character factory into this factory class. Let me just refer to this. Okay, so at this point, our factory class variable is storing the aquatic character factory in it. And then when we call this line, we're effectively just changing the code to like this. We're making an instance of our aquatic character factory and then returning that back out. So when we come back to main, this factory is actually an aquatic concrete factory. So if we look back to our UML diagram, we're actually passing this concrete factory into this, or we're saving that here. Next thing we do is we call our world class and we pass in our aquatic character factory. So we go back to our world right here in the initializer. This character factory is actually an aquatic character factory. So we're doing this initialization of empty lists. Character factory is actually an aquatic character factory. So this world popular factory is this aquatic character factory. And then every time we call all this code all here in these for loops, this is the same as me calling the aquatic. Aquatic. Yeah, aquatic character factory. So because all these are instances of the aquatic character factory, it's going to call it create friendly function or method inside of that. So if you pop over into our aquatic character factory for create friendly, our aquatic character factory for create friendly. Notice here it's creating a mer person. So this is calling to make an instance of mer person. So if we go back all we've done here, all of this code is going to return a mer person. So we're adding mer person into our list of friendly. And then see my dear here when we create the enemy, this call is going to call the create enemy in our aquatic to create an enemy, which is right here. So it's going to return a cracking. And then so in our aquatic character factory, we return a cracking. And then when we create call create animal, it's going to return jellyfish. So that's why this returns a cracking and depends to the list. And this returns a jellyfish and depends it to that list. And then that's it for this one. So we've now created a world populated with water based characters. And then when we call simulate the next time. All these are going to be water based characters. So that's why in our output, if I run it again, we have all the water based output. So the next time when we change this over to fire, the same process happens. Except in this case, when we call the firelands, this will give us a fire based factory. We pass in a fire based factory into world and then the world. Gets a fire based factory. And then all these calls will now be calling the fire based factory to create the fire friendlies, fire enemies and fire animals. And that's why the output has changed to all the fire based things. So hopefully see how powerful this pattern can be where this code in here doesn't have to change at all. And I can in the future, I can add rock based world to rock based characters. And I don't even have to touch any of the code in my world class. And it'll just work to support this new world theme.