 So the final design pattern for today is the builder pattern. And that's when you want to have customization and complexity all in one. So to go over what the builder pattern is, I just want to pose you the problem. So generally when we create objects, we kind of want to initialize that objects with a whole bunch of different components to it. So you might have different classes within other classes. You have nested fields or optional kind of bullions or parameters in your object. And what this eventually results in is we have an object or class where we have a constructor that becomes super long. Imagine we have a class called pizza and pizza has a whole bunch of different properties in it, it has pepperoni, cheese, half size, medium size, large. So imagine passing five or more parameters to this pizza class to actually construct your pizza. So your constructor parameter lists can get really, really big. The second option is if you don't want to have a giant parameter list over here, is you can have a whole bunch of complex inheritance subclasses to actually add additional behaviors to your original pizza class. So neither of these approaches are actually that great. So that's where our builder design pattern comes in. Where this pattern allows us to actually separate the code where we actually construct our object from the code where we decide which properties we want. And this allows us to kind of mix and match which components we need. So imagine that we're trying to model different kinds of houses. So specifically, maybe you have houses with lots of different components. You have your base house. So imagine, well here we have base house and then that house maybe can have other components. You can have a house with a garage, fancy statues, swimming pool, garden, or any combination of them. Maybe have a house with a swimming pool and fancy statues, let's say. One possible approach to this is we can use inheritance to model all these cases. So that's this first diagram here where you have a house and that's modeled with these subclasses house with garage, house with fancy statues. Or we can avoid this inheritance entirely by just having a single house base class over here. So we have a single the house base class. But we have a constructor here, so house constructor that has seven or several parameters or more. So in that case, when you actually want to instantiate your house, it looks something like this. You pass in these seven parameters for this kind of house. So this is a house with a garage. And in this case, you have a house with everything. So we could a new house object when we say true for all our kind of optional components. So the downside of this one is that it leads to ugly constructors, really giant constructors with many many parameters. So this is where the builder pattern comes into play. Let's make this better. So the kind of driving force for this is that if the construction of the object is so complex, so we saw our constructor with like seven parameters, then why don't we actually separate out that entire task into its own separate class. We have our own dedicated class that's only focused on constructing the base level object. So this would allow us to actually satisfy our single responsibility principle. A meeting as a refresher, the single responsibility principle says that a class or a function or an object should focus on one specific task. So if our classes overloaded with stuff, we should separate it out. So if our class constructors overloaded, let's actually bring that out into its own separate class. What this allows us to do is we can actually have separate calls for each of the different components that we want to add to our object. And then by calling these different combinations of these functions to add these different components, it can kind of lead to different types of homes. So as a very quick look, imagine that we had our original house class up here that we saw in the previous slide. But in addition to that, I have an additional class called house builder. And then this house builder has a whole bunch of functions, but wallows, doors, windows, roof garage. And then if we want a house with these specific attributes, I'm just going to call these different functions. And then at the end, I call it get result function. Let's get a return my completed house with all these separate components. Let's keep looking more to it and we'll make more sense. So this is a very powerful pattern. The great thing about this is that by separating out the construction of your class into an entirely separate class of builder class, that builder class itself can take in its own parameters. So that actually allows us to actually instantiate different kinds of builder objects. And each builder can construct its own separate types of houses. So as an example, imagine that we do have houses. But then for each type of house, we assign a specific type of builder to a different house builder to it. So in code, imagine we have a house builder. And for the specific house builder, it's going to create houses made of wood. And we're going to call that builder wood house builder build house. So in this case, when we call the build house function, this build house function is going to create houses made of wood. In this case, to create houses built stone. And the final one is going to create a house built out of paper. So this is just expanding on what we learned earlier by abstracting out the construction into its own house builder. And on top of that, one level even higher is that it's kind of hard to manage all these lines of code right here. So one level higher, let's have a separate class to actually manage all of this in itself. That's what we call a director. So a director, it's entirely optional. But the purpose of the director is it, it actually controls what type of things the builder will create. It's entirely optional. And you only have to use it when your systems become really, really complicated. And we can actually even inherit from a builder class to create different variations of builders if the complexity kind of really needs it. So in terms of what that looks like in code, imagine you have a director. Imagine this is a manager that is actually managing all your different builders. And for this director, you give it a builder to manage. So the purpose of this manager by the director is that it's almost like a menu in a restaurant. You ask it to build a townhouse. So then the director is going to tell the builder to build all these different components that will result in a townhouse. Or you might tell the director to build an apartment. Then the director is going to tell the builder to build all the things needed to build what we consider an apartment. And this is going to return that object. So this is the class diagram for it. I know it's super complicated. But let's break this down. So let's start with the product itself. So in our situation, the product is the house. This is the final thing that we want to create. And then the whole point of this pattern is saying that it's really complicated to actually call the constructor of a house to create it. So let's rip out that code and put it in a separate class. So that's where we have our concrete builder right here. So notice that the concrete builder, it has a reference to our product. And we're seeing it into something called result. So what we're saying is that our concrete builder is going to eventually, it's going to create a house. And then for that house object, we can do a few things. We can reset it. So it's almost like we can reset that house to some default state. We can add doors and windows and roofs. And then we have a final function called get result where once we're satisfied with the house, we call this function and we finally will return our final completed house object. And let's go further up. We have our client. So then our client has two options. First is our client can directly tell our builder to build exactly the house that we want. Or the client has a second option. If the client feels that there's too many options, it can call it director instead. So the purpose again of the director is to actually kind of hide the complexity of calling these individual steps down here, hide those complexity from the client. And then that way the director just says, I want to make a townhouse. And then to call the specific functions within here to create different combinations. That's what we created townhouse. Well, the director might have a function here that says create an apartment. Then it's going to call out builders to create an apartment. And so to go over what all this code is, this is a code that's actually in our client. So specifically the client, go through this line by line, it's going to instantiate the builder, the concrete builder. And it's also to instantiate the director right here. Then it's going to tell the director to make, make something. So that's going to make something. And then the result of that, the builder, the builder will make something. And then finally, we told the builder to get the result of what they made. And then that's returned to us as a product. And in terms of what's happening over here, when we call the make function, what that does is calling this code right here. So in here, it's calling the builder that we pass into the director to reset. And that in turn, it's resetting the product that we're making. So we're saying for the house that the builders could have built, I'm going to reset that to its most simple state. So if we're creating, let's say, a simple house, then the builders just going to build this step A. And then if we're creating a more complicated house, that is to do step B and step C. So then at this point, the builder internally, internally, the builder's holding onto the result. So for the client to finally get the end result, it has to call our get result to get our final house from the builder. So don't worry, we're going to look at code very soon. And hopefully they'll make more sense. So I want to show you what it looks like. And we're going to look at more abstracts from this. I'll first show you the bad example of this. And then I'll go through what it looks like with our pattern.