 and we're now going to move on to the behavioral patterns. And these are the ones that are focused on how objects can communicate and interact with each other. More specifically, how do they do that without tightly coupling one class to another class? So we're going to look at two specific patterns today, which are the chain of responsibility and strategy. As a bit of a preview, the purpose of the chain of responsibility is you have a request that you want to go through a series of steps. And every step along the way, you want to do some verification or some code on this request. We need some way to decouple the order or sequence that these steps happen so that we can make them reusable. So you can reorder the steps, move them around, and it won't affect anything. The second pattern is a strategy pattern. This allows you to switch the behavior of your code at runtime, which is pretty powerful. And it's actually very similar to a state pattern, which we'll talk about later. In other words, it lets us swap our algorithms at runtime. So let's check out our first behavioral design pattern which is the chain of responsibility. And this is when you want to have a lot of different responsibilities, but still remain flexible. This is a design pattern where you have an object or a set of objects that need to go underneath some different set of steps of processing. That can be validation, formatting, security, something, something where you have an object, in this case right here, some piece of mail, that has to go through some series of steps or processing along the way. And what we want to do is we want these steps to happen in a series of handlers. And we can think of each handler as a unique way for us to implement some kind of interface to do some code on a request. So in this example, imagine that the object that we want to work on is this mail. And then as this piece of mail is going through this chain, there are certain steps along this chain that we want to do some processing. So for instance, this mail will first hit this spam mail handler. And this spam mail handler will try to figure out if this mail is spam or not. If it is spam, then it's going to delete that piece of mail and then we're finished. If it's not spam, then it's going to pass this mail to the next handler in the sequence, which is the fan mail handler. So if this happens to be a mail that's supposed to be forward to the CEO, then it does that and then we're finished. If it's not supposed to be going to the CEO, then let's continue passing it on. So then there's a complaint mail handler. And if it's complaint that the legal department needs it, then it'll be sent to the legal department and we're done. If not, then it goes to this new location mail handler and then you figure out if it needs to be forwarded to the business development team. If it is, it gets sent there, otherwise, or finished. And the cool thing about this is if you look at this whole sequence, each handler is kind of like a node in a linked list. So if you view this whole sequence up here as a bunch of nodes in a linked list, what happens is that an object is sent into our linked list. That node processes that information and then depending on some situation, we either stop our process and we're finished or we send this piece of mail onto the next sequence, narrow list. So each handler has to have a reference to another handler so it can pass on this code one after another. So let's give you a scenario. Let's say that we have an old fashioned school that wanted to do some enrollment paper forms by paper. And students had to fill out this enrollment form every semester to list all the courses they wanted to enroll in. So students would fill out a physical piece of paper that has their name, student number, and all the different courses they wanted to enroll in. And this form has to go through a series of validation checks and it gets processed by hand. So someone has to physically, so in this picture, this person has to physically look at this piece of paper to make sure that the student name is correct, the either age and student numbers correct, their course enrollments are all correct. And then if it's all correct, then they get put into this pile and the next is looked at. So a very slow way to do this. Eventually the school goes completely digital with all of their administrative tasks. And these forms are then processed by this admin system represented by this code right here. But hopefully you can see right now that this code is kind of terrible. Let's look at it a little bit. So we have some process enrollment method or function. And it takes in a student application form of some type enrollment application form. And the purpose of this function is it's going to look at the student application form, determine if the information that the student wrote on the application form matches their actual student records. So you see right here, given this application form, we used our student ID to check the database to get their student record. And once we have the student record and the application form, then we want to do some checks. So this first check is to see if their names in the record and application form are matching. If not, then it's going to return a Boolean saying validate is false and some message. Next check is it's going to see if the student has stated that they have paid their application fees. So that's right here. And if they haven't paid their fees, then they can message. And then here we have a for loop that's going to check if all the courses that the student wants to apply for are actually being offered. And not only that, but it's also checking if the student record meets the minimum age. So a bunch of different checks in a specific order. And the issue with this specific function is that, one, we're only allowed to handle student application forms. Second, is that we are set in stone in terms of the number of checks we're doing and the order in which we're doing. So what I mean by that is we're doing three checks really. One check here for the record name, one check here for the forms, the fees are paid, and then one check here for courses. But maybe we have a separate type of form up here, maybe an exit application form that doesn't need to do all these three checks. Maybe only needs to check if the student names match. Or we don't want to process the forms in this specific order. Maybe we want to process the courses first instead of the names first, whatever. The idea is that when we write this function, it's set in stone in terms of the order and number of checks that we do. And that's an issue because if we want this to be more flexible, we can't easily change this. So we saw in the previous slide that we had to go through several processing steps on our enrollment form to see if the student is valid. And the chain of responsibility is saying that, let's not have all these processing steps occur in one function. So that was the name check, fees paid check, and courses check. Let's not have all these in one function. Instead, let's have each of these checks be its own separate class. So we'll have one class that checks for student names, one class that checks for fees paid, and one class that checks for courses offered in valid. And each of these classes will be responsible for its own distinct processing steps. And therefore, each class will be called a handler. And to support this, each of the classes must share the same interface. And that interface has two things. One is definitely they have to have the logic to perform its processing step. But two is each handler must also have the ability to pass this information onto the next handler in a sequence. Think of it kind of like a linked list of responsibilities where each handler is a node. That node is going to do some processing on the request. And then once it's done, it's going to pass that request onto the next node in the sequence. And the cool thing about this is by having each handler be its own node, we can reorder these nodes in any way that we want dynamically, depending on the scenario that we want. And the execution can stop midway and exit the chain if a handler fails in some way. So visually what that looks like, if we bring it back to our student form example, is we have a request. A request in our scenario is going to be the student form. So we pass the student form into our first handler. This is our student name's handler. It's going to do its check to see if the name matches the student record name. If everything is fine, it's going to pass that form onto the next handler in the sequence. So this next handler in the sequence is the fees paid handler. And all it does is it checks the student has paid their fees. If they have, then it passes that form on to the next handler sequence. This is the course checking handler. So this will check to see if all the courses information is valid. And if that's all good, then we finally return a successful operation to the client. And this last point is saying that we don't have to reach the end of the sequence for a program to work. Maybe somewhere the student has failed their checks. That's perfectly fine. We'll just print out a failure message and then return to the client. So at any point in this chain, we can fail in a graceful manner and then let the client know. This is the general form of the chain of responsibility. You have your handlers on the left side here, and then you have your client. Let's check out the handlers first. So at the very top level, you have your handler interface. And it has two key methods. We have a set next method that allows us to set the next handler in the sequence. And then we have the handle method, which is where you're going to have your eventual logic to do your processing of your request. And then below that, you have your base handler class. So just so you know, this base handler class is completely optional. In fact, I probably could have moved all this code up into this upper level handler, and it would work perfectly fine. But let's just go with this diagram for now. So next is a property, which is the actual pointing to the next handler in a sequence. And then otherwise, all these functions are exactly the same. And you see that we have an aggregate arrow saying that a base handler will point to another handler in the sequence. So again, think of a link list. In a link list, we always have each node that points to the next node in the sequence. So this next is similar to the next node in a link list. And then finally, we have our concrete handlers. So this is where you will actually have your code to perform whatever verification checks you need. So in our case, for the student system, I think we have three separate handlers. One concrete handler to handle the names, one handler to handle the fees, and then one handler to handle the course verification checks. So then we have our client. So the client is the actual code that's responsible for instantiating our handlers, which is the first three lines here. And then we have the code to link up all the handlers. So we know what is the order in which the handlers are going to point to each other. And then we have some code to initiate the handling sequence. So if I were to draw this out, let's say I'm trying to do this first section right here. Imagine that I'm creating three separate handlers in memory, kind of like this, three separate blocks, which are each of the handlers, h1, h2, and h3. So that's what happens with these first three lines of code. And then in the next two lines of code, we need a way to link our handlers together because otherwise the handlers won't know how to pass the request from one handler to the next. So in this first one, we're saying that h1 is going to set h2 as its next handler in the sequence. So now we're creating this connection right here. And a similar idea for this next line, we're saying that h2 will set h3 as its next handler in the sequence. And then so to begin this processing, we're going to call h1.handle and then pass it in the request. At that point, we're going to begin our chain of calls. So then h1 handle will probably be calling this one down here. And this is, again, this is a generic code. And this might not exactly match what we do in our later code example, but the kind of general idea is here, where it's going to first do a check to see if we can handle this request, if it can, then it's going to do whatever processing it has to do. After it's done the processing, then it has to call the next handler in the sequence. So then at some point, it probably has some code in here. That's going to call like next.handle request. So then it's going to pass, let's say, a request begins here, and it passes the rr to here. And then h2 will handle whatever it request is. Then it's going to call its own internal next handle request. Then passed the request over here. So then h3 will then do its own request, and then it's going to do some check here at some point. That's going to check to see if next is not equal to no or none. And what that check is seeing is it's asking, hey, is there actually a next handler in this sequence? So in this case, we see that h3 doesn't actually have a next in the sequence. So in that case, we're going to then end our request sequence, and we're complete. So now we know the general form of the chain of responsibility. Let's start to implement our enrollment system. All right, so in our enrollment system, we have three main components. We have our request, which is going to be our application forms, which contains a student account. Then we have the enrollment system itself, which is going to be responsible for actually passing our enrollment form through our sequence of handlers. And the third is we have all of our handlers themselves. So in this case, we're choosing to have three concrete handlers, a student validation handler, a check course offering handler, and a fees handler. So let's begin with our enrollment application form. So our enrollment application form has information that we want to enroll in some courses in the FECIT, and then also has a pointer or reference to some student account. So this information is where we grab the student account information from the database or something like that. Then we have our handlers themselves. So as we saw from our generic version of this pattern, we had some top-level interface for the handler. So in this interface, we have three key components. We need to have a property that points to the next handler in our sequence. We need some initializer. We need some handle function to perform our validation checks. And we need some set handler method that's going to allow us to set the next handler in the sequence. And then finally, we have our concrete handlers themselves. So each of these is going to override the handle form method and then do whatever logic it needs to perform its validation checks. And then finally, we have our enrollment system, which is over here. And the purpose of this is to just have a single method that's going to take some application form and then pass that information into our handlers to start the sequence. So the last thing we need to do is connect all of these components together. So we really have three separate components. So we have up here, we have our request. Over here, we have all of our handlers. And over here, we have our enrollment system. So in order to connect them all together, it kind of looks like this. So definitely, we will need our enrollment system to probably use our handlers in some way to call them. And then we'll also probably need our enrollment system to probably use our enrollment application form. And see my idea, each of these handlers themselves will probably use the enrollment application forms as well. To do any validation checks. And I think there's going to be a contains arrow here as well. So your enrollment application form is going to contain the student account. So just to clean this up a little bit, it's going to look something like this in the end. So that is our class diagram. And then to again, to just get a better idea of the flow of how this all works, is it's going to be more like this. So our client system is going to be creating our student accounts and the forms. After it has that information, it's going to wrap that up into a request that we're going to send through our enrollment system. So think of this whole dotted lines over here that contains our enrollment system, which itself has a bunch of handlers inside of it. So a request is passed into each of the each of the handlers. And then it performs whatever checks it does. And then as we're successfully going through our chain, this request is going to be passed through until we eventually come back out to our clients. So let's check out the code to see what this looks like.