 Welcome back to day two of week one in com 3522. So today we're going to start off with a bit of review of the concepts from last time. Remember the whole focus of this first week is to just get you through the core programming concepts that you'll all know, but the Python version of them. So last time we talked about if statements just program structure. Today we're going to dive more into containers. So how we're going to restore our data in different types of let's say arrays, lists, and things like that. And then after that, discuss once we store our data into these different containers, how can we view them afterwards? We're going to start things off by going over some common questions I have from last lecture and review some topics. So the first topic to review is this underscore underscore name variable. And what this is, it's a built in variable in every single Python module or every single Python file. And the value of this variable is set automatically for you behind the scenes. And what it's set to is the name of the current module or file name. So for instance, if the file name for my Python file is file underscore one, that PY, then this underscore name variable will automatically be set to file underscore one. Similar idea, if my module is named file underscore to .py, then this underscore name variable will be set as file underscore to in that file. The tricky thing is that as soon as the code runs from a specific file, that underscore name will evaluate to underscore underscore main instead. So in other words, if I begin running my code from file one, then instead of the variable underscore name being called file one, it'll be changed to underscore main. The reason that happens automatically behind the scenes is because if we're running the code from this file, then Python behind the scenes will designate this file's name as main instead of the file underscore one. This is a way for us to distinguish where our code is beginning or execution from. Whereas this file over here, the underscore name variable still remains as file two. So let's look at the opposite case. Let's say instead of executing my code from file one, let's execute it from file two. In this case, if I'm executing the code from file two, then this underscore name variable will be set to main in that case. And then over here in file underscore one, that one remains as file underscore one as its name. So hopefully this is a little bit more clear. And the way that we can use this is that Python by default doesn't have a main function. So that way that we can hack in quotes a main function in this is we check to see if the underscore name is equal to main in a specific module. So that way we can tell that, oh, if we're running the code from this quote unquote this file, then we know it's the main and therefore we can create kind of like a main function from within there. So I showed you the code last time, but hopefully just by visualizing this, it'll make much more sense. So what I'm going to try to show you in the code is I'm going to be running my code from file one first, and you'll see that the name changes to mean. So let's check out the code. So as I said earlier, what we're doing in this code segment is I'm going to be running my code from file one. And in that case, the name variable within file one will have the main string assigned to it. So let's check that out. Here I just have some extra code in here that prints a hello world. And I'm also going to be printing out the name of that underscore name variable. This is automatically set for us. And I'm saying that if the name happens to be the name, the main string, then I'm going to print out this one. File one is being run run directly. Otherwise, I'm going to print out that the file one is being imported. So if I run the code, then we can see it prints out hello world first, which is fine. Here we print out that the underscore name variable is set to main and it's set to main because I'm running the code beginning from the file one file, like I'm hitting this green play button right here. So as a result, when it hits this if statement, it's going to determine that the name does match main. Therefore, it's going to print out file, be file one is being run directly. So this is perfectly fine. So let's compare this to the opposite. So in this case, let me bring back our diagram. So in the second case, I'm going to be running the code from file two instead. In that case, the variable in file two for name is going to equal to main. And then if we ever refer back to file one, then the name inside of file one will be set to the file one string automatically. So let's check that out. So in file two, very similar code. The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to import file one. And what that does is it's pretty much going to be literally copying over this code into here. It's kind of like I did that. It's almost like I literally copied over the code exactly like this. So this is first going to run all the code in file one first. And then after that, it's going to print out the name for file two and then the same if L statement here. That's just checking if file two is main. So let's give it a run and see what happens. So first thing is first is that it's going to print out hello world. That hello world is from file one. So it's pop over to file one. We see this one right here. And then when it prints out the name of file one, we see that because I'm not running the code starting from file one, the variable for name is automatically set to file one, which is the name of my Python module. So this is what we expect exactly that like we showed in the slide. And then it runs this if L statement. So in this case, the name is equal to file one. So therefore this part is false. And we're going to execute this code right here that prints out file one is being imported. After that, we're finished all the import code in file one. So jumping back to file two, it's going to then print out this one. So again, because I'm running the code beginning from file two, it's going to automatically set underscore name to the main string, this main string, instead of the file two string. So then we hit the if statement that says, yes, name is equal to the main string. So therefore it's going to print out. File two is being run directly. So hopefully that kind of finally clears up why you would want to use this. Eventually, when you make your own code, you're going to want to replace this if L statement with probably a main function, something like that that you want to call. But hopefully that that clarifies what the purpose of this name variable is for for us to hack a main function into our code.