 Now we're going to move on to talking about how we store a bunch of data in Python, specifically using sequence types. And sequence types are just a generic term for an ordered set. And there are several distinct types of sequence types in Python. There are strings that you've already seen, but when you want to store data, you probably don't want to store them in strings. And the most common one is a list. Other ones are range, tuple, or bytes. And the whole idea is that because all of these are sequence types, there's generally a set of operations that you can perform on many of them. Not all of the operations can be performed on every single type of sequence type, but a bunch of them are. So let's look at some common operations that you can perform on them. Here are a list of common sequence operations. You can figure out if a variable X exists within a sequence, determine if your variable X is not in your sequence. You can concatenate two sequences together. So this operation creates an entirely new sequence that you assigned as a variable. You can add S to itself, and times by using the multiplication symbol. This one, I'm sure you're all used to with regular arrays. You can access an item at an index of I. Here is probably something new, but you can get all the, you can create a new sequence by grabbing all the elements from index I to index J. This one, similar idea, you get all the elements from I to J except that you get every case element. So if this number is two, then you get every second element in this range. Length will give you the count or the number of elements in your sequence, min, the smallest item, and max is the largest item in your sequence. And then finally, you can get the number of times that this value X appears in your sequence S. And then finally, this one looks really complicated, but all it means is that within the range of I and J, you want to find the first occurrence of your value X. Not all sequence types are mutable, meaning we can change the values in our sequence after we set it. So for those that are mutable, here is a set of operations that you can perform on them. So as usual, just like the array operations in Java, you can of course set the value at an index to some value here, but the square bracket operator. Here you're getting the range of values from I to J, and then replacing the contents with the value of T. Here we can delete the elements in this specific range of I to J. Here we're deleting or sorry, we're accessing the elements from I to J at every Kth step, and then replacing that with the value T. Here we're deleting every element from I to J every Kth step. Here we're just depending or adding X to the end of our sequence. We're deleting every element in our sequence S. Here we're doing a shallow copy of all of our element S into some other variable. Here again, it's the same idea where we're just pretty much extending S with the contents of T. And then this one we kind of saw earlier, but it updates S with this contents repeated N number of times. Here we're inserting the value of X at a specific index I. This one we are getting the item at I, and then after we're doing that, then we're going to be removing it from S. And then down here we're just straight up removing the element of X if it exists in the sequence. And then finally here we're actually flipping every single item and reversing the order of the items in our sequence S.