 Previously, I showed you how you can profile an entire module via the command line or pi-chim. But let's say you don't want to profile an entire module. You just want to profile one new function that you created. And now I'm going to show you how you can do that fairly easily. So let's just jump right into the code. What I'm doing here is I want to simulate two functions that are going to take a long time to process some calculations. So I just have a heavy function that has a triple for loop that's going to do some calculation. And this is going to take some time. And then another one over here that's doing pretty much exactly the same thing. And my goal is I want to just profile or have the ability to either profile this function individually or profile this function individually. So to do that, I'm going to write my own custom profiling code. And that code is going to exist in this my profiling code function. So let's check this function out first. So here's my custom my profiling code function. And all it does is it takes in a function as a parameter. The idea being that if I want to profile my heavy function function, I'm going to pass this function into this parameter for this my profiling code function. So let's check out the code and see what it does. Most of it should be pretty familiar by now. First of it, first of all, I create a profile. And then this is new. I call the enable function. What that's what that's saying is it's saying that for this profile that created, let's start recording or let's start the profiling phase. And then any code that I put in between enable and disable are going to be profiled. So in this case, the code that I want to begin profiling is going to be whatever I pass in as my function. In other words, if I pass in the heavy function into this parameter, then I'm pretty much just profiling this code that's going to be executed here. And then after my profiling is finished by calling disable, then I want to then process that data so I can print it out to the screen. So that's what all this code is doing is just grabbing that profile, figuring out the stats for it and then outputting it to the screen. So here, instead of outputting it to a separate file, I'm just going to output it to a stream first. And then I want my data to be sorted by the cumulative category. And then I use my p-stats to grab data from my profile, save it into my stream here. Basically we saved it into a file, but here I'm just saving it into a stream. I'm stripping out the directories so the functions appear shorter without the directory names. And then I'm sorting it by the cumulative sorting key that I'm stating here. And then this line is necessary to print the stats from my p-stats into my stream. And so at this point, our after this code is executed, all of the data is outputted into my stream s. So the final step is to get the values from my stream s and then print it to the screen. So to bring it all together, we have my custom profiling code that's going to be profiling any function that I pass in as a parameter. And then here are the two candidate functions that I want to profile, heavy function and heavy function too. So data my main, all I have to do is I call my custom profiling code and then pass in the function that I want to profile. So in this case, I want to profile my heavy function. So let's just go ahead and run this code and see what happens. So you see in the printouts that as soon as I ran the code, what happens is that this heavy function is passed into this point right here from my profiling code. We start off the profile. It executes the function. So you see it's executing it because I'm printing out the heavy function code or printout right here, which is just this line on this right here. It does all of its profiling or it does all of its regular code just like it should. And then while it's doing its execution code, the profiler is observing what's happening every step of the way. And then once the heavy function is done, we reach the end point right here and then we turn off our profile saying stop recording. I don't want to listen anymore. And then after that, we're going to print out all of my profile data to the screen. So then you see all this printout is just this code right here. So we can see that in this profile, we call three separate functions. It seems we call definitely our heavy function, which is this one right here. And then I guess internally it called a print function and it called some disable functions as well. So in total, most of the processing time was spent in my heavy function. So one call total time was, I guess, almost a second and then cumulative time per call time and per call time, all the same. Yeah, so that's one way that we can profile a specific function that we want.