 So just to give you a further example, we already started looking at a UI system. And within a certain context, so in this case for dialogue boxes or screens, there are a whole bunch of different components that actually interact with each other. So with this very kind of basic class diagram, you might have buttons that talk to dialogues, that talk to tabs. These tabs might have text fields, and then you have these other check boxes that also talk to dialogues and then buttons. So as you can see with this diagram, it's already super, super messy. It was arrows going everywhere and just kind of understanding how this works gets pretty confusing very, very quickly. So I want to show you visually what the program might do in this example. So imagine I want to create this UI where I can enter someone's name here, and the purpose of this program is just to find people in the database. So I enter the person's name here, and then I have some extra filter search options. I can add if I want to. These are optional. So there's a checkbox for age, height, and address. So at first, I might enter someone's name in here, and then normally this would be okay, you can hit enter and you would search for all the people with the name Jeff, but that might be too broad, too broad. So maybe I want to narrow down that search. So then I'm going to check this age checkbox, and then this text field is going to appear where I can type in the age range, let's say, all people who are 99 and above, let's say. And then on top of that, maybe I want to find all the people named Jeff that are age 99 and above and that are 2000 centimeters. I'm going to show that two minutes we tall. But some number that indicates another filter, some height filter. So this is the, let's say, the program that we want to actually create. And hopefully just as you're seeing this, your brain starts to realize, okay, I probably want a class for the text field, input field, a class for the text boxes, and a class for all these text fields, and all these labels, let's say. And then hopefully you can also start to see that this checkbox somehow has to communicate when it's checked to open or enable this text field. And then some way these, all these components have to actually communicate with each other. So in the previous slide, we saw this UI search window example. And one way to implement it is as we've shown here, but that really, a convoluted diagram where every component can potentially communicate with every other component. And then what this sample bad code does is imagine that we're trying to implement this checkbox. So that checkbox is its own class. And then we just have a bunch of FL statements that says if this checkbox is selected, so if actually want to check the age checkbox, then I'm going to enable the age text field. So I can enter my 99 age. So here again is another example where this checkbox code is very tightly coupled to this specific behavior. And we want to avoid this because this doesn't make our checkbox class very reusable because maybe we want to checkbox some world center code to do something else. Then we'd have to maybe this third note is maybe we have to maybe make an abstract checkbox class. And then every child checkbox class is an age checkbox, an height checkbox, or an address checkbox, and each of them does different logic. But that's, it's a lot of unnecessary code, and it kind of makes it very non-maintainable if we have a checkbox subclass for every single type of checkbox that we have. So instead of doing that, let's introduce this mediator pattern and see what it looks like. So at first it looks kind of daunting. There's probably, there's like six different classes here, but let's break down what this all means. It's actually not that bad. So let's start off with a component. So every one of these component classes, component A, C, B, and D, these are the concrete elements in our system. So if I flip back one slide, so our checkboxes, checkboxes here, buttons, dialogues, tabs, text fields, all these other components of our UI system. So these are all represented by these components over here. So this will be a button, this will be a text box, input field, and so on over here. So that's fine. These are just all of our subclasses that make up the UI. And then operation is just a function that makes it do something. So in your button, this would probably be like an on-click function where when you click it, it does some operation. So the one new thing that we're adding is that every single component has an instance of our mediator. Now the reason we have that is because inside of our operation class, operation functions, sorry, instead of operation function, we're going to do the logic that we want to do, which is like if this is a button and this is an on-click function, then it's going to do all the on-click logic it needs to do. But at the very end, when it needs to communicate with another component, we're just going to have a notify function call. So if I hop it over there, it's an actual example. In this case, in the operation function, we do the operation logic. And then when this component D, when this component D, it needs to talk to something else. It just blindly calls the mediator to notify. And then we pass in this, meaning that we're sending information about ourself the component. Then what's going to happen is this notify function is going to call this notify function in the abstract class of the mediator, which in reality calls this notify in the concrete mediator. And then in this notify function, all it has is the logic to actually send the information to where it needs to go. So if I go through a full on example, this concrete mediator has an instance of every single one of the components, component A, B, C, and D. It has this notify function. So this notify function, think of this as where we actually route all of our data. We route all our communication through the notify function. And depending on where it's routed, we're going to be calling the correct react functions. So if I go through one example, let's say I want component A to eventually talk to component D over here. So when we're in the component A class, this operation A is called, operation A is then going to call the notify function in here, which in turn calls notify function here. The notify function has some logic that's going to realize that, oh, component A is being the sender currently. And I know that component A wants to talk to component D. So because A wants to talk to D, we have code inside of notify to call the react on D function. And then this code in here react on D will then call the D component over here. So that's generally how it goes. So A again, so to go through that again, component A calls this one, which calls the mediator, notify function, and then notify function, then calls the react on D function to send the message over to component D. So that's how component A talks to component D. So the neat thing about this approach is that component A doesn't know who's going to be notified in the end. It just blindly calls the mediator to notify somebody. It's like, hey, I'm a button. I've been clicked. Whoever wants to listen to this click notification, mediator, please handle that. And the mediator will then notify anybody who wants to listen to that. That something has happened. So what this allows us to do is that because we have a common mediator that everything talks to, we can reuse all these components even though they can be their code can be very, very generalized. And then the mediator is then the one that routes all this information everywhere it wants to go. So that was maybe hard, a little bit hard to follow. So let's check out some sample code and see how this works. So what we're going to do is we're going to use this code to model that UI example I showed you earlier, where we had like a search and then we're trying to filter some things.