 Today we'll be talking about our final design pattern, which is the mediator design pattern, and a little bit of theory, which is a dependency injection. So last time, we talked about multiprocessing, which is the true way that we can have parallel processing, where we can run code in true parallel where each piece of code is run in a separate core. And this is great for CPU bound problems. Then we talked about lazy initialization. So we kind of went back to design patterns and talked about two different ways that we can instantiate code. The first of which was lazy initialization, which is when we actually want to delay the creation of some object until the very last moment. And the reason we want to do this is because if we don't have to use that object, then why waste the resources and time to create it. And the second pattern we talked about was a builder pattern. And the whole idea about this one is that whenever we construct objects, typically we have an initializer in our class, and then we have the rest of our code when that makes the object do something. So instead of having the initializer do a whole bunch of code, we're pretty much ripping out that initialization to be done by a separate class instead. So this avoids complexity of having a constructor doing more work than it has to do. And instead allows us to delegate this to a separate builder class and a director class on top of that. So today we're going to go back to behavioral design patterns. So these are the ones that are focused more on how objects communicate with each other or how they interact with each other without having tight coupling. So that brings us to the mediator design pattern. And before we're talking about what the mediator design pattern is, let's kind of introduce the problem. So typically when we create our programs, whether it's a small program or a very large program, often times we want to break down that problem into small subproblems, which is great. We always want to do this. And we kind of call these modular subsystems. So all these smaller classes that solve smaller problems they're called modular subsystems. And oftentimes these subsystems are made up of certain objects. And these objects then have to have some way to communicate with each other to do some meaningful work. So there definitely is some dependency. As soon as we have some kind of communication between objects, there's always a type of dependency that we have to worry about. And yeah, we definitely need this communication between components because this allows us to do whatever behavior we want that system to do. The problem is, if we look over to this diagram on the right side, imagine here we have four separate objects. And then we need these objects to be able to communicate with each other. So object A needs to communicate with object C, D, and B. And then in this specific case, all of them need to communicate with each other in all these different ways. So these arrows are indicating the communication paths and dependencies. So as you can see already in this diagram, that every single object is dependent on every other object. And what happens is that this creates very highly coupled code. So I just want to show you a little bit of sample code as to kind of visualize what this means in actual code. So imagine that we're trying to create some UI component to your program. And this UI component has a whole bunch of actual UI fields. Input field, text labels, different screens that you put all these text labels input fields in. And then you have a login screen. So maybe this is a website, you have a login with your username and password. So then within this login screen, then eventually we need a login button. So that's a button that you would press, that you or you would enter your username and password. And then you would click on it. So we're just initializing it with some user username input field. So that's actually a field that you type in your username, and a field where you type in your password. Then you have the actual button itself, where you can click on it, and you'll give it all the information you need. So everything looks okay so far. And finally, in the code in here, you're just saying that if your credentials, if you're using the username and password match the password that you have entered, then we're going to log-on. So so far the code looks okay. But what I want to draw your attention to is that this specific login button is highly tied or coupled to the idea that it's going to interact with the login screen. So login button is going to interact with the login screen. And generally when we program, we try to create programs that are as generic as possible that makes for a reusable code. And how this is set up right now is that this code is not very reusable, meaning that this login button will only ever work with a login screen. I can't for instance reuse this button to use it on a log-out screen or any other screen for that matter, mainly because I've set up my code to only deal with this specific login screen and calling specifically the login function. So then we have an exit button. This one's actually not too bad, but it's very much a similar idea where this exit button is initialized given the screen. And then for that screen, this button sole purpose in life is to only exit out of a screen. We can't reuse this button to maybe enter a screen, let's say. So notice here it's calling the screen's back function. We can't reuse this button to do some other task. It's highly highly specialized. So we can see that this button is highly coupled to the screen's back operation. And finally, we have our user ID input field. So very similar idea here. We initialize it with some data. And then there's some text that's going to enter your text. And then this user input field is tightly coupled with this status text to display this text. So this is not as bad as I'd say as a rest of them. But hopefully you get the idea that all this code is very specialized, where you have a class that's tightly coupled to whatever this aspect isn't here. And it can't be used for anything else. So the solution to this problem where we have code that's very, very tightly coupled to other code is to introduce this media here pattern. And the whole idea is that you actually want to reduce the number of dependencies between all the different components of your system. And then how we do that is that instead of allowing each of the individual smaller components to communicate with anything at once by adding these dependencies, we restrict the communication so that these objects have to actually talk through the mediator to actually reach another object. So go into this diagram, imagine that object A wants to talk to object C at some point. Object A cannot directly talk to C, so they cannot be an arrow directly connecting with the two. Instead object A has the first send a message to mediator. The mediator will have the logic to then realize that A wants to talk to C, then mediator will then send the message over to C. So that's generally the whole concept of this design pattern. You have this middle person that will receive all the messages from all the different components, and then it will know to send the right message to the right component. So some of you might have heard of the term controller, and we've come across this many times in the code that I've seen. And this is very much a similar idea to controllers, where you have a class where its sole purpose is just a direct traffic. Its goal is just to direct communication traffic from one object to another object. And then the components themselves, they don't know about each other directly. They only talk to the mediator, and the mediator is the one that decides where the message will go. And this relationship is bidirectional, meaning that object A can send a message out here as mediator. To mediator, the mediator will then send out the C, but then object C can also send that a different message through the mediator back out to object A.