 Last class we looked in depth at classes, but now let's finally get into how we write inheritance code in Python. So inheritance in Python is incredibly easy. It's pretty much the same approach as Java in general. Conceptually we want to push all of our common attributes as far up in the inheritance hierarchy as possible. And then this represents and is a relationship whenever you have a child class of some parent type. We see that the child class is a version or type of a parent class. So yeah, I already said this child class is a specialized version of the super class. And there's one big difference between Python and Java and that's Python supports multiple inheritance, but we're getting to that later. So let's look at just basic inheritance. How do we even write code that has inheritance in Python? And as you mentioned, it's incredibly easy to do that. So far we've seen classes so far. We have the class keyword and the name of our class. And in this case, when we want to inherit from some super class, all we have to do is add the parentheses and then add the name of our super class right in there. The rest of it is exactly the same. You still have your colon and your properly indented code to write your class definitions here. And in general, you should know that classes in Python are implicitly extending the object class. So just a good job that there's this kind of very high level object class that we're actually inheriting from. And Python does exactly the same thing. If you write a regular class, just like this, this is actually implicitly inheriting from the object class. So this code that we write here is exactly the same as a code that we write here. So this is saying that my subclass is explicitly inheriting from the object class. But generally, we never have to write this if we're just creating our class from scratch. We just write this version right here. So what can we extend pretty much everything because even the basic data types, like string, int, float, list, all of them are actually classes. So we can actually extend all the classes if we wanted. The purpose of our child classes is to add functionality that the original parent class doesn't have. So we can definitely do that by extending behavior by adding new methods in our child classes. But we can also override existing methods that exist either in the parent or in the built in methods. So we saw an example so far where we override the initializer to pretty much create our constructor in our child class. But of course, we can also override any methods in our regular parent, parent classes as well. And the way that we can access the original parent class is using the super function. So this is a very similar concept to the super variable in Java. But in this case, it's a super function instead. So what happens when you call that super function is that it returns an object that's an instance of your parent class. So this gives us direct access to any of the parent methods that we want. And we can call the super function from within any of our methods. So now let's look at the order of initialization because it's pretty important. Back in comp 2522, we were very interested in the order of initialization. In other words, how does the flow of code occur whenever we make an instance of either an object or the child class objects. So specifically in which order are the initializer methods called and what's the output. And let's look at an example. So here I have two classes, an animal class with initializer and some print statement, any dog class that in this case, it inherits from animal with its own initializer in a print sub dog. And then if outside of that, we run this piece of code where we initialize an instance of dog, what is the output? Is it going to be animal? Is it going to be dog? Is it going to be dog animal or then animal dog? What's it going to be? So in this case, the output is just going to be dog. So if you make an instance of dog, unlike Java, where the constructor is automatically called apparent constructors, if we just do it like this, we will only call any code that's in the dogs initializer. Okay, let's look at another example. How about something like this in which order are the static variables initialized and what's the output? So in this case, we have again, our animal class and dog class, but now we have a few print statements, so print a, b, c and d. And we also have some static variables that were initializing. So animal static variable and dog static variable. And at the very end, we are once again initializing one instance of the dog. So my question is, what is going to be the printout and then through the printouts, can we determine in what order are our static variables initialized? So you can take a second to check that out or pause the video. All right, so the output looks like this, a, b, c, d, dog. And let's try to explain what's happening. So when you initialize a dog object, the first thing that happens is that we run all the code that happens inside of our class or animal class. So we print a, the animal static variable is initialized, then we print b. And then we don't actually enter the initializer after we've done all the class related variables and code, then we pop into the class related variables and code within dog. So we print c, initialize that dog static variable, then print d. And then finally, because we're initializing a dog, we enter into the initializer of the dog to print out dog. So once again, just a reminder that in Python, we don't automatically call the initializer of the animal. So in Java, that we do that, where we automatically call the constructor of the parent, but in Python, we don't do that. Okay, so next example, what about calls to super? So we saw earlier that super is the function that we call to grab an instance of our parent object. When do they, when do they take place and what's the output? So in this case, our code is pretty similar to before in the first example, where we have animal, initializer, print, but now in the dog, all we've added is this super call right here. So we're calling an instance of super and we're explicitly telling it to call the initializer in the animals initializer here, then we print out dog. And then out here, we're just again making instance of dog. So you can pause a video to kind of think of it for a second, but the output is like this. So here is probably what you would expect in something like Java, where when we call the dog initializer, then automatically it would call the animals print and dog. So I want to emphasize that this is one thing that's very different about Python in that Python. Again, it does not automatically call the initializer for you. So you have to manually call initializer of your parent in order to have this chaining of initialization calls. So that's why the output is calling animal because we're explicitly calling animal in this super line right here and then it prints out dog on that line. Okay, so another example here, we're just flipping the lines. So here we're just printing dog first and then we're going to call super and there's no tricks here. This is probably exactly as you would expect, but in this case, the output is going to be dog first. Because we call the dog initializer here and then we call the animal because we're calling the supers initializer there. So hopefully you kind of understand the order of initialization here. And one final thing I want to talk about is is the call to super implicit or do we have to explicitly call it in Python. So we've gone through this part twice at this point, but in Java, the call to the supers constructor is implicit meaning you don't have to manually call it. But in Python, you do have to explicitly call super in order to call its initializer. So again, we had to explicitly call super on this line to directly call the initializer in the animal. Okay, so let's see all this in action with some code.