 The next set of design patterns are the structural design patterns. So these are the ones that are focused on how do we create and compose our classes in a way that makes them much more maintainable and flexible. We're specifically looked at the decorator, facade, proxy, and bridge patterns. So the first is the decorator pattern. And the whole idea behind this one is that we want an object where we can actually add behavior to that object dynamically at runtime. So typically when we write a class and we write a program, anything we wrote in the class is set. We cannot change a behavior at runtime. But with this pattern, we can actually add behaviors any type that we want. And how that works is that the base object that we want to add things to is called a component. And then every additional behavior that we want to add on top of that is actually separated out until we call a decorator. So what actually happens in the code is that we create a base object. So in this code snippet right here, it just a equals new, clunky component. And then we want to when we want to add a behavior to that object, what we do is we create a decorator object. So decorator here is this class. We create a decorator object. And then we make that object wrap around the original concrete component. So it almost forms this linked list. So we start with the component. So we make a simple drawing right here. So imagine we start with our base component. And then that's our component, let's say. And then when we want to add a behavior to that component, we create a decorator object. We decorate object. And then that decorator object is then go to point to that component. And then when we want to make a new behavior again, attach another behavior. Create another decorator object. And then make that point to this one. So then each of these objects have a shared execute function. So notice that the component here is execute function. And so do all of these decorators as well. So when we want to execute the behavior of all of these functions, we just start from the outside, we call execute on this one. This will then have a chain to do its function call. And that'll call the execute function in here. This will chain down to call the execute function in here. So this is how we add behaviors to our code of runtime. So the example I gave a while ago was a donut example. So imagine I have a donut object and I want to add a bunch of toppings to it. And how we're doing that is this original core object is our core base donut object. And then each additional chain or link along this chain is a topic. So we have sprinkles and gummies that I add to that original donut object. So I do have code sample right here and definitely check my code sample video for me going through that. The next pattern is a facade. So this is actually a very, very simple design pattern. In this case, what we do is we have a system that has a whole bunch of complicated things in it. So in this case, imagine I want to create a video converter program. And in this video converter program to actually convert a video from one form to another after call all these separate modules. Modules or classes. But from the user's perspective, they don't actually manually want to call all these things. They probably don't even know how to do that. So instead of having the user have direct access to all these different modules, we introduce a class that's going to be called a facade. So this video converter, that's called a facade. And that almost adds like a mask or an interface where the client or user, in this case, the application, all they do is we call one single function called convert video. That one single function inside of its code then has a whole bunch of function calls to all these other things to do actually the complicated work. So all we're doing is we're simplifying all this complicated work down into one function that our client can eventually use. So that's all it is. Facialty is just a way for us to mask complicated behavior behind a simplified function or interface. So I just mentioned that the example I have is that you have a video converter where you only want to expose the single convert function to our client. And behind the scenes, that single convert function hides a whole bunch of very complicated calls. Then we have the proxy. So in this case, what the proxy is, it's almost like you have a imposter that pretends to be a real service. So what actually happens is that you have a class that has an interface that's going to pretty much map one to one to all the functions in a separate class. The reason we want to do this is that imagine we have a YouTube database where you have all your videos stored. And you don't want all the users in the world all calling the same single database because this would overload the servers. So instead, what you do, so imagine this diagram, the service itself, that is the YouTube database, the real YouTube database. And our proxy right here is our imposter that's going to act as if it was the real YouTube database. So notice here that service YouTube has an operation function and our imposter has that same operation function. The reason it does that is because both of these objects are actually inheriting from a shared interface. So what's going to happen is that the client is going to call the operation function on some abstract object that doesn't know about. But in reality, they're actually calling the proxy instead. So from the client's perspective, they think they're accessing the real YouTube. They think they're actually calling the real YouTube over here. But behind the scenes, they're actually calling the proxy object. So you might be wondering, why would you if we want to do that? How does a proxy help us out? So the scenario is we have our real YouTube servers over here. But instead of allowing the client accessing the real server, because they access the proxy, what this allows us to do is we can actually add additional functionality to our proxy without bothering the user or without bothering the service. So in this operation, maybe this is a download function. And the first time that the proxy wants to download a video from the server, it does that. But once it gets that video back, it might cache those videos into its own array of videos, let's say. So then the next time, another client tries to access YouTube, it's going to go through the proxy. And then the proxy already has that same video. So then it doesn't have to query the server and waste resources. Instead, it just sends back its cached version of the video back to the client. So that's the main reason we want to use proxy. It's so that we can actually add additional functionality to an existing service over here without modifying this one at all. So we can add additional functionality. And the client is completely unaware that this has happened. So the next one is bridge. This is probably one of the more conceptually difficult design patterns. It's conceptually difficult, but chances are you've been doing it all along in your code. You just have to realize it. So from a definition of what it is, the bridge pattern allows us to actually separate a large class into smaller conceptual components. So imagine that we have a large class, two large fruits on good, and we want to separate it up into two separate classes. Conceptually, we call one part of that separation, the abstraction, and we call the other part of it the implementation. And what the bridge part of the bridge design pattern is actually talking about is that this abstraction needs some way to actually communicate with the implementation. So therefore it has this instance variable implementation in it to actually call the one over here. So really all this design pattern breaks down to is we've broken down a large class into a smaller class and we're composing one class based on another class. So it's yeah, it's just when you want to break down a large class in a smaller components and these components can communicate with each other via this bridge, which is the instance of the implementation. I know that sounded really complicated, but I'd hopefully have a better example, better understanding with example, I'm going to give you. So the example is I want to create a program where I have a TV remote or some kind of remote that controls a device. So how we want to think about this is that if we use a language of this design pattern, the abstraction part of this problem is that the abstract part is a have a remote. So the remote is actually an abstract concept because the remote itself doesn't do anything on its own. For it to actually fully complete or implement its purpose in life, it needs a second component, which is the actual device. So we can kind of think of the abstraction as the remote class and then the remote class then needs an actual device as its implementation. So luckily, have a actual class diagram over here. So this remote over here is our abstract component to this whole program and then for it to complete its purpose in life and to actually do something useful, it needs to actually be pointing to and call things in the implementation part. In this case, this is the device. So the remote itself can be just a standard regular remote over here or it can be a more advanced version of the remote down here. And this device itself is just an interface and it's an interface for multiple types of devices. So it can be like a radio or a TV. So ultimately, what's going to happen is that this remote has a whole bunch of functions in it to turn on, turn down the volume, change the different channels. But it has changed change the different channels and do something to a device. So that's how we have this device instance variable here. So all these functions inevitably, they will all access this device to do something and they're going to access this device by calling these functions in different ways. So yeah, to break down all these points, the remote is the abstraction because it can control any kind of device and the device itself is the implementation using the terminology of this pattern. So this way, the remote can control a radio or TV. So these functions in the remote are simply calls to the functions in the device. And the advanced remote, so this concrete or subclass variation of remote, it's just a more advanced version where has an extra function to mute devices as well. And I will go through this specific pattern in a separate video for this Python code.