 So this video is talking about the lazy initialization design pattern. So this is the case where we want to delay initializing an object until the last possible moment in order to save processing time and resources. It's a very, very simple example. In this case, on doing is I'm going to create a car object. And this car object, I'm going to simulate it taking a lot of time to make by having a bunch of sleep statements. So in this car object, when we call the initializer, I'm going to have a bunch of print statements. And I'm going to have it sleep to simulate it taking a lot of time to make. This is simulating it taking up a lot of resources for processing time. Then I have an overload string operation to print out that this is a car. And then we have our client code. Well, almost yeah, or class called client. So in this case, what my client is doing is that when I initialize it, instead of initializing my car right away, notice normally we'd probably do something like this. The client has a reference to a car, so we're going to initialize it right away. But right here, we're going to be lazy, meaning that we're not going to initialize the car. As soon as the client is initialized, we're going to initialize the car only when we access the car via this property over here. So that's why we're going to initialize our car to none initially. And the only time that we finally initialize our actual car object is when we call this function car with an or client. So we have some code in here that says that if the car has not been initialized, car variable doesn't exist or point to anything, then let's actually initialize our car object for the first time. Otherwise, we so else we do have a car. So in that case, we don't need else statement. We just return the car as it's so this saying if it's not the car is not initialized initialize it. Otherwise, just return the car as is. So then finally, intervene with the allows us to do is when we create our client object. We initially right here, we don't initialize the car inside the right. And the only time that we finally initialize the car is going to call this car function here or car property in my case. So initialize. We're going to make some kind only. We're just going to call. So I'm going to run this code. You can see it takes some time to build the car, which is fine. That's perfectly normal. I'm going to add some print dots right here. Let's say. So when I run this, it takes some time to do that, which is fine. This is what we expect. So imagine that I never call this print function. Then we expect that because we never call this car function or car property, we should never actually initialize the car. So this should be instant. When we execute the code, which it is in a program. So this is with initialization. It's instant because we never call this property. We never initialize the car inside. Therefore, it doesn't take time. So I want to compare this with our traditional approach. So imagine that I did initialize the car as soon as the client was initialized. So I changed this one from none to car. So in this case, I haven't changed made it all. If I run the code, notice how it's taking much longer. And that's because we're initializing the car within client, even though we're not actually using it. So notice here, we're not using the car, but because my initializer is initializing the car inside, it's taking up much, much more time. So this is without lazy initialization right here. Takes up a lot more time. Whereas if we do have lazy initialization, which is what changes for the car or car to none, then it's instant. That's the whole purpose of this pattern. And so here, when we do actually want to use the car, then we fully expect it would take time for it to run. So finally, one more time. This is when we actually do call the code that needs to use car, then we expect it to take the time that we need. So that's it. Very simple pattern. Hopefully that was clear.