 The next question that a lot of you asked me about was quarks, quarks, args, named arguments, positional arguments, all the different ways that we can call our functions. And I thought I'd give a review on all these different ways, starting with the most basic, with just positional arguments. This is the typical way that you use to call in your functions with different number of parameters. So here I have a function that takes in three and only three types of parameters. I'm taking my first parameters, my intention is going to be a number, then it's going to be a string, and then it's going to be a dictionary. So of course, these can be named whatever you want. I'm just naming them these things as num string addictionaries, so you know my intention behind what they are. And then in my function, because I know I'm specifically getting number of strings and dictionaries, then I'm going to print them out exactly like they are. So for my print, I'm going to print out my number, my string, my dictionary. And then just for fun, because I know this is a dictionary, I'm going to use a for loop to iterate over all the items in my dictionary, and then also print out the items themselves individually. And then here I'm going to be calling my regular function just as follows. So the key thing about positional arguments is that calling this function only works if I send in my arguments here in a very, very specific order. So the first parameter is expecting a number. So let's say it's going to be, I really, I actually did this wrong, it's sending a number. So I should be sending it like this. I should be sending my number first into the first slot, and then a string into my second slot, and then a dictionary into my third slot. And then if I run this and you see everything works perfectly, I'm printing out my number and my string, and then my dictionary on this line. And then for this for loop, I'm going to print out every item in my dictionary with key value pairs on this line. And this is the traditional way that we're used to calling our functions. And this order is very, very specific. So if I were to let's say swap this out so that let's say I swap out my dictionary, which is the third location to the first location, and then now I've changed the order, then this probably won't work. If I try to run this, it'll crash on me. And it's going to crash on me because I'm sending in my dictionary into my number spot. It's going to work here because it's just printing out the number. That word actually fails is I'm passing in my string into this third parameter, and it's using this third parameter as if it was a dictionary. But in this case, it's already telling me that my string argument that I'm passing into this parameter doesn't have the item's method. So therefore it's failing. So it's very important that the order in which we pass in our arguments into our parameters matters with the traditional positional arguments. All right. So that one we should all be familiar with. And next I want to look at the situation where let's say we don't know ahead of time, how many parameters we want. We don't know. So in this case, we know that we have exactly three parameters that we were expecting to be passed into our function. What if we didn't know that? Maybe this function can take zero to x number of arguments. How can we handle that? So this is where argument lists come into play. So I'm going to comment this one out for now and introduce you to args. So args are argument lists. And they look like the following. So here I have a function that looks pretty similar to what we had before. We're taking in a number and a string as the first and second parameter. And then for my third parameter, notice a little bit something at the bit strange. I have this star args parameter. And what this is indicating is that this is a special parameter that can take in any number of parameters that you want. And how we tell Python that this is a special parameter that can take in any number is we add a star in front of it. So you know, we don't have to name this parameter args. I can name this anything I want like my many args or my many parameters, let's say. And this will work exactly the same way. No problem. Just by convention, if you have a special parameter that can take in any number of arguments, we just call it star args instead. So what this is saying is this args is treated like a list. Because it can take in any number of arguments, we need for it. We need this to expand in some way. So Python by default will make this a list type object as a result, because I know this is a list type object. And I want to maybe operate on whatever I'm passing in. Then I'm going to iterate over it with my regular for loop. So this is changed so that for every item in my arguments list, I'm going to print out everything that I want. So before I look at the output, let's see how we call this function. So how do we actually pass arguments into this parameter? Let's check it out. So here my function is called my args, my args function. So here for the my args function, I know the first two positional parameters are going to be a number and then a string. So I'm going to keep doing that. I'm going to pass in a number and a string into these first two parameters. And then anything after that, anything after in the third parameter location, anything I put in here is all going to be automatically packed and then put into this args parameter. So this string, what's this? This number 65 and this big dictionary. So three extra arguments, all of these will automatically put into the args parameter. And notice there's no extra notation. I don't have to surround it in a square bracket because lists are normally square brackets. I don't have to do that. I don't have to put curly braces or anything, nothing. It's just, I'm calling my function as if it had an infinite number of parameters. In fact, I can add some more here. It doesn't really matter. More numbers, more strings. And if I had some objects, I can do that. Maybe I'll throw in a double. Let's throw in a double for fun. 9.9. Let's say, and let me just run it. See if it works. If I run it again and I look at the output, then you see that what actually happened was that the num and the string were still executed regularly because their regular positional arguments. And then the rest of it was placed into args. All this other stuff right here was all put into the single args list. And then with my for loop, it just went through the entire list and it prints out everything, every individual element that I have in my list. So hopefully that makes sense as to what the args is. And I added this note that args or argument list is great. When you don't know ahead of time, how many arguments you want to pass into this function. And also, it's great specifically for positional arguments. So if you don't know how many positional arguments that you know, you want to pass in. So the reason I'm emphasizing positional arguments is because Python has another type of argument called named arguments, which we're going to check out next. So remember, positional arguments are the arguments where the position that you passed them in matters. So this first position must be passed here. Second position has to be passed here. And this third position or third to x number position is all passed into this third position. So let's say we want a situation where we don't care about the position. I want to pass in arguments in any order that I want. That's what named arguments lets us do. So this is named arguments. In this case, how I write my function is exactly like how I wrote my function in the first scenario. So if I scroll all the way back up in our first regular function, this is how I wrote my regular function. And I'm going to copy the code and paste it to prove to you that this is exactly the same. So this is my named argument section. I'm going to delete this and then paste it right here. I think I changed the name. That's the only thing I changed. But everything else is the same. So these positional parameters look the same. Oh, my code in here looks the same. The only thing I've changed is how I am passing in my arguments into my function. So previously, let me just grab my code from up above. Previously, I had to call my function in a very specific way. This integer or number had to match up with this number. This string had to match up with that string. And this third argument had to match up with that third parameter dictionary. And what named arguments allow us to do is instead of worrying about the position of where I pass in my arguments, I'm just going to give every single argument a name. I'm going to name every single one of them. So the most obvious way would be, okay, this is my number. I want this to be passed into the number parameter. So I'm going to name this num equals seven. And then for this woe, I want to pass that into the string. So I need to name the string. So make sure that the name of the parameter or the name of the argument must match the name of the parameter. So this string has to match that string. And the name of this big dictionary must match the dictionary above. And just so you know, it can name as anything you want. So let's say it changes the dog, let's say. So this has to match this dog has to match that dog. But let's just keep it dictionary. So it's a little bit cleaner. And if I run the code like this, this will work exactly the same. Then your next question might be, well, what's the point of doing that? I, this is actually extra work. I have to name all of them instead of just passing it in directly like this. So why, why would I bother doing that? The reason you, you want to do that is because you can do something cool where you can actually move around the order. So I can like swap around the string to be the first position. Or maybe I can actually move the dictionary to the first position. And then the string is in the second position and the num in the third. Third. So now you see it doesn't matter anymore. And the reason doesn't matter is because I have properly named all of my, all of my, all of my arguments. So dictionary knows that this argument is going to be passed into the dictionary, which matches up with this one. So if I run the code again, you see that it works exactly how it did before. So the reason this is great is that one, you don't have to worry about the position of your arguments anymore. But another thing is oftentimes when you're dealing with, if you're calling APIs from third party libraries. And that API doesn't need you to pass in all the different parameters. Then you can only, you can pass in only the arguments that you, you want to use. So let me just change this named arguments a little bit. So I'm going to change this so that number has a default value and a string has a default string. Let's say hello. And I'm going to move the dictionary to the front because default parameters don't like it when the defaults are not on the far right side. So this function is saying that by default, I have some number and string and the only thing actually even here, I'll just do like something like that. Let's say. So what this function is saying is that if you call this function empty like this, it'll still work. So if I run it like this, then this function has some default values, which are 10, hello, and the empty dictionary. And you see here, here we're printing on everything fine. So when we run, runs of this situation, then we can use named arguments where we only fill out the information that we care about. So when I call this function, let's say I only care about the dictionary. So let me just reconstruct my dictionary. Was it that I created my dictionary? Oh, here we go. In this case, I own with named arguments, I'm only going to pass in the dictionary and then name that properly. And now it's going to use the default num equals to 10 and string equals hello here for anything I don't pass in. And then for the things that I could do care about that I want to pass in and actually have to do something, then I'll properly fully define it and name that argument here. So this happens a lot with APIs. I mentioned earlier where you want to call some API, but you don't want to pass in all the individual parameter elements. So you only fill out the elements or the arguments that you really need. All right. So one final one. So now we know about positional arguments. We have variable argument lists and we have named arguments. So the thing that we're missing is that let's say in this case we have three very specific parameters that we want to pass in. And just like our regular arguments, or sorry, our regular functions right here, let's say I want to handle a situation where I want to be able to pass in any number of named arguments that I want. So similar to my variable argument list. So we can do that as well for named arguments. So let me just get rid of a bunch of this code and revert it back to how it was before. Hopefully this is pretty similar. So let me comment up this one. And it's one up here. So if we want to support the ability to have any number of arguments possible, then we have something called quarks. So this is the named argument version of args, the args list earlier, except in this case it's called quarks and we have two stars. So what this is saying is that we can pass in any number of named arguments into this function and this function will be able to save all those, all these named arguments into a single quarks object. And this object happens to be a dictionary. And what this function is doing is it's very, very similar to what we had earlier. So we still taking in our number string, still printing them out. And then for this quarks, we're treating it like a dictionary. So that's why this for loop is looking at the key value pairs in my quarks, saving the key into the x, the value into the y, and that allows me to print my key value pairs like this. So let me just run the code and let me just link up what's happening here. So notice here I'm calling my quarks function and I'm using my named arguments. So my string is equal to whoa and therefore the string is passed into this string parameter. This num argument is passed into this num parameter and then anything else, anything that's happening after this, that that's going to be in the quarks. So all this stuff, all these named arguments will then be saved into this quarks dictionary. And if you look at this closely, notice that this is already formatted to look like a dictionary itself where those keys and values, key value pairs. So my float is the name, which equals to 5.5. So in other words, we have a key called my float with the value 5.5. And here we have a key, a list with a value for 57, which is a list. And we have a key, a tuple equals to the value, which is a tuple. So because these named arguments are pretty much mapped up like key value pairs, they can be easily saved as key value pairs into my quarks. So when it comes time to actually printing them all out, notice that when we print out the quarks itself, it has these three arguments in it. So you have the my float, you have the list, and you have the tuple over here. And then when we have the for loop to print out that all the key value pairs, you see them nicely formatted here. So just so you know that the key, the type of the key, so over here, it's saved as a string type. And we can prove that to you by just printing out type x here. And we should print out string. Yep. So you can see that the type of the key is a string. So all these names that you give here are implicitly converted into a string when they're placed into the quarks, into this right here. And then just in case you're wondering, hey, what happens if let's say I don't have nummon string? What happens then? So if you don't have nummon string, then what's going to happen is that absolutely all of these named arguments will be saved into quarks. You see that the name and the num in the string where is now saved as the string woe is saved here. And then the seven has a value here. And the rest of it is what you saw before. So hopefully that clears up what quarks are and all the other different types of arguments.