 Here we're going to go through the code for the bridge design pattern. We talked a little bit about the scenario in the lecture slides. So definitely check out that for little more information. But to go through it very quickly in this demo, what's going to happen is we're modeling a system where we have a remote that wants to control some kind of device. And we're going to use the bridge pattern to do that. And the reason that this is considered a bridge pattern is because this program would have been separated out into one giant class otherwise. We would have had one giant class that is going to handle both the remote controlling a device. But instead of doing that, we separated out the remote and the device into two separate classes. And then we introduced this instance variable within the remote to actually get access the device. And this instance variable is a way for us to communicate. And this is where the actual bridge portion of the bridge design pattern comes into play. And also through this instance variable, all of these functions here will actually call these functions via that instance variable. And then this advanced remote, that's just a version of a remote that can mute all the devices. And then these concrete devices are just different variations of this device that can do different things. So let's check out the code. So first of all, let's begin with the interface device. So flipping back to the slides, this is the interface that we are implementing. So for this device, a device in general can have volume, a channel, and whether it's turned on or off. And all these functions, there's a lot of them. But the whole idea about them is you can turn on and off your device, you can get and set the volumes, get and set the different channels. And then the concrete versions of them is a radio and television. So for a radio class, we inherit from that interface device. And so for the radio, it sets it to some default values. We change the ability to turn on and off the radio, get and set the radio to certain volumes, and get and set the channel to some specific values. And then also we have an overloaded string function. Let's go to say that this is a radio and it indicates the status of that device. And for a TV, it has all the same functions for setting, enabling, all the use and channels. To be honest, I think in this code, this could probably have all been put into the interface itself because there are all repeats. But the only thing that's really different is the overloaded string operation here that says TV. So that completes this right half of the bridge pattern. And in the bridge pattern, they call this the implementation portion of the pattern. Whereas the left side over here, that's called the abstraction portion. So we're going to start over here now to do the remote and the advanced remote. So for the remote, this is the abstraction portion. And the critical portion of this class is that this class has to have an initializer that takes in our device. So this is going to be our TV or remote eventually. The reason this is critical is that all the functions that we use in our specific remote are going to be calling our device to do the actual logic. So you notice that when we toggle the power, we're not actually toggling the power of the remote itself. We're calling all the functions within device to do all the work. So all the work is actually done in the device itself. We can kind of think of our remote as the interface that goes to the actual implementation, which is our device. So when we set the volume up and down for the remote, it just calls the device to set the volume up and down. When we change the channel, it calls the device to change the channel as well. And in the advanced remote, the only thing that's new for the advanced remote is we inherit from remote, meaning we get all the functionality from the class above. But we're adding an additional function, which is mute. So in this case, we can automatically set all the devices volume to zero. And then in the main, let's just check out what's happening. So first of all, we're going to create a remote object. And then for that remote object, we're going to create and pass in a TV object right away. So this is passing in our TV object into remote. So remote now has access to that TV. So for then for that, my remote object, we're just changing the channel, toggling the power, and then printing out whatever the remote device is going to be. And then in the second version, we're going to be using the advanced remote. So in this case, the advanced remote is going to be interacting with the radio. And the only real thing that's new here is that the the advanced remote is going to be calling the mute function. That's the new ability for the advanced remote over the regular remote. So when I run the code, it's all should be as expected, really. So for the first one, right here, our remote is pointing to a TV. So that's why whenever we change the channel, the cartoon network, and we're toggling the power, it's all changing the TV's behavior. So by default, the TV is on with the volume of 50, and it's set to a channel. So this one, it changed the channel, this one, it changed the channel to Cartoon Network. And then for this line, right here, we toggle the power of the TV to off. So that's why it changed the off, defaults. And then for the second and the advanced remote right here, the advanced remote was given a radio to control. So in that case, all this is the same except that here, the advanced remote has the ability to mute our radio. So that's why this value of 50, 110 to 0, and then we can also turn off our radio as well. So that changed the false. So hopefully you see that in this case, just by seeing the code, it's quite a bit easier to understand what the speech pattern is. And you can understand where the terminology comes in as to why the remote, all this class does is it accident as an interface or a way to actually access our eventual device. So notice that again, all these functions don't actually do anything on their own. They actually call the device to do something. So that's why our remote is an interface to our actual implementation for what the code actually needs us to do. So all the actual logic is done inside the device's code, not necessarily in the remote's code.