 Okay, so in this video we're going to talk about the builder pattern. Specifically, we're going to implement this specific example where we have pizzas and that the client doesn't want to manually specify what toppings go in every single pizza. And instead they want to just have a simplified interface that allows them to just say I want to order a half and half pizza and then they get one. And we're going to do that by having a bunch of builders that have the knowledge to build the pizza and then a director, which is our menu where the client is going to interact their menu and then that menu itself is going to call the builders the build the pizzas for us. So let's look at the code and the code is very long but it's only because we're implementing all the code functionality to create pizzas and not so much that's required for the pattern. So all this first stuff is just a bunch of enums that we need to build the pizza. The not important for the pattern is just enums to differentiate all the toppings and sauces and bases for the pizza. So then we have our introduction to our final product that we want to create, which is our pizza. So a huge part of this pattern, one of the main things is that we actually want to take out the hard work of initializing our object and put it somewhere else. And we see that right here. So normally our initializer has a whole bunch of stuff here. We have a whole different parameters here. But notice that the pizza has like so many parameters, probably eight parameters or so. And we don't want to do that. Instead we want to take out all that logic to actually create our pizza and move that somewhere else. So that's why you see that your initializer is so empty. So we just have self and nothing else. And then we have all of our actual instance variables initialized to like the most default none or empty list as they can be. And then we have our overloaded string operation. I know it's long here, but it's just to nicely format all of our toppings. So we can print out all of our toppings and sauces and cheeses, may nicely. So yeah, not important for the pattern, but just to make it nicely forwarded out. So then we have our pizza builder class. So this is where I mentioned that we're taking out initializer logic. And we're actually going to put it all into this class. So this is a pizza builder class. It's completely standalone. It doesn't inherit from anything. And then in the initialization, notice that we're doing is that this pizza builder class right off the bat is that it's going to initialize a default pizza. So this pizza is the very, very default pizza. Another important thing to the builder pattern is we always have our reset function. This just resets the pizza to its default state. The reason we have this is because at some point our builder will build and complete a beautiful fully completed pizza. And then we return it to our client. And then imagine another client comes in and they want to create a pizza. We need some way to reset the pizza. So it's a new pizza for someone else. So that's all we have this reset to reset the pizza to some new pizza. Then we have some getters to get our pizza. So you see here that we return the pizza. We get pizza and then we save it into this completed pizza variable. And then we reset it so that the next time someone else uses it, then we're ready to have a default pizza. And after that, we return the completed pizza that we saved earlier. And then I mentioned earlier that we want to have the initialization logic somewhere else. And here it is. So all the initialization logic is now separated out into a whole bunch of different functions. So we have an add top function that takes in a whole bunch of toppings based parameters. And then some logic to set the toppings based on whether it's a half pizza or a full pizza or not. We have a function to set the cheese parameters in here. So all this logic is just set the cheese, same idea for the sauce, how much logic is at the sauce, and setting the base. Hopefully this one's easy. And now the one to make it a calzone. So notice that all the initialization logic we normally have in the base pizza class is now separated out into each of these four functions instead. So that's all there is to the builder. Then we have the menu. So what the menu is, if I pop back to the diagram, the menus are director. All it is, it's a way for us to simplify the interface that the client interacts with so that the client can just call our director or menu to create a Hawaiian pizza. And then the director can then have all the code inside the make function to have the hard logic to actually create a specific type for a Hawaiian pizza. So for our menu, when we initialize it, in this case, I'm initializing it to just have a pizza builder. In the pattern, the generic pattern, you can actually pass it in specific types of builders if you want, but just for simplicity, in this case, a menu just has one type of pizza builder. So all this menu has is three separate options. We can prepare a cheese pizza, prepare a perperonian pizza, or prepare a vegan pizza. Oh, I guess the fourth option. Or a few more options. Five five options, five different pizzas. So order half and half pizza and single pizza. So this menu has five different pizzas that you can create. And that's what the client sees. The client only sees five different types of pizza. And they can customize a little bit with these parameters, but notice that the hard, the hard work of adding the actual individual toppings, cheeses and sauces is done and hidden in this function right here. So we're just saying that to prepare a cheese pizza, it has to have a tomato, mozzarella and parmesan. And to prepare a perperonian pizza, it has to have tomato, mozzarella and perperon. And then similarly, the other vegan half and half and the single pizza as well. So that's all the director does. It allows us to hide the complexity of actually creating the very specific object from the client and it also has the reference to a pizza builder. So one final thing is that one second. See if I can find it. Yes, here. So when we order a half and half pizza, after we finish creating the pizza, so here we're telling the builder to add some base type of pizza there. And then for half of the order, do something like this and for another half something like that. So after we finish creating our pizza, we have our pizza object here. So we're just returning this pizza object back to our client. So finally, in our main, our client only sees this. So our client will essentially our menu and then they will just call the exposed public functions. So in this case, where the client can call the menu to order a half and half pizza and specify a few parameters. So it's a regular base pizza with cheese and then pepperoni pizza on the other half. So cheese pizza on half of it and pepperoni pizza on the other half. So if I pop into the order half and half pizza function, right here, then all this does is it's going to tell the builder to add the base, which was regular. So this is the base regular, this pasting, what we have in half. So this base regular is pasting it here. It's pizza order one. This is saying that if you pop back to the main, it's saying that for half of the pizza, we want to prepare it as if it was a cheese pizza. If the other half, a client wants it so that we're preparing it like it's a pepperoni pizza. So this pizza order one, this is just a function call to make a cheese pizza and pizza order two. This is a function call to make the other half a pepperoni pizza. And then once that's done, the internal builder object, if I pop into, let's say, order our pizza over here, internally you see that the builder is actually adding the sauce, cheese, and then toppings. And so by the end of this, at this point, the builder has completed the entire pizza. And so we're just returning whatever the final completed pizza is. And then finally, we printed out. So if I run the code, you see that for this one. This is just we have our pizza and these are all the stats for pizza. So we saw that half of it was a cheese base pizza and then the other half was a pepperoni pizza with a mozzarella and stuff. And then so just for completeness, we don't have to use the director or a menu to create our pizza. It can completely use the directly you call the builders ourselves as well. So this code is saying that our client maybe doesn't want to use the menu to create a generic pizza. They want to create a super customized 100% special pizza. So in this case, our client is directly instantiating a builder and then specifically telling the builder to have specific bases, making it a calzone, and adding specific sauces, cheeses, and toppings. So again, the builder pattern is customizable. You can call the builder itself or you can use a director. So here, this printout was with the specialized version of the pizza for accessing the builder itself.