 Related to duct typing, I want to talk about this concept of structural versus nominal typing. Let's think about objects in general. So all objects have a type. You have integers, strings, floats, or your own custom types. And when we compare two separate objects, how do we determine if they're the same type? Are the two types the same when they have the same name? Or are the two types the same when the internal structure is the same? These are the questions that structural and nominal typing are trying to answer. So for nominal typing, they say that the name is how we determine if they're the same type. And this is the case for languages such as such as Java, C sharp, C++. So in other words, my class X and my class Y are the same type because they use the name my class. All they care about is that the name of the class itself is the same. So if the name is the same, then the classes are the same. Compare that to structural typing. This means that the internal structure is how we determine if two different objects are the same. So in other words, if my class X and my class Y are the same type because they both have the same instance variables and methods. So let's look at a further example. Let's look at this pseudo code. It isn't in any specific language, just some pseudo code. So we have a class 2D point with two properties, int X and int Y. And also a class XY object that also has int X and int Y. With nominal typing, in other words, like Java style typing, 2D point and XY object are two different types because their names are different. Notice that their names are different. We have 2D point as a name here and XY object as here. Even though the internal structure is identical, they both have X and Y instance variables. Nominal typing doesn't care. So even though the internal structure, they both have int X and int Y, nominal typing doesn't care that their internal structure is the same. As long as their names are different, they're two different objects. So in this case, let's look at the same example, but we add a function in here instead. So now we added a new void sum function and we take in a 2D point parameter and we do some logic, and we add some points. So with nominal typing, so the same type we saw in the previous slide, we cannot pass in an object of XY object type into this sum function because the parameter type names don't match. So we cannot pass in an XY object into this parameter because only because the names don't match. Even though the internal structure of our XY object is the same, so it has X and Y, it doesn't matter in the eyes of the nominal typing because this name doesn't match this name. Therefore, we cannot pass in an XY object into there. So I want you to compare that to a structural typing language such as Python. In this case, structural types only care about the internal structure of your objects or your classes. It doesn't care about the name. So 2D point as a class and XY object, even though their name differently are structurally equivalent, they have the same internal structure. So as a result, we're actually allowed to pass in a 2D point or XY object into this parameter. We don't care about the name. All we care is that their internal structure is the same. So in Java, we used nominal typing. We had to give a name to everything. So nominal typing or nominal sub typing is based on the class hierarchy. If B extends A, then B is an A type. So we're explicitly saying that the name B extends the name A. Compare that to Python where we use duck typing. And duck typing goes hand in hand with a concept of structural typing because if class B or class B is a structural subtype of A, if the following happens, if class B has the same attributes and methods as A, then we just consider that, hey, yes, B can be a child type of A. And also, if B can be used instead of A without throwing any errors, then we just conceptually allow B to be a kind of a subtype of A, even though we didn't explicitly say so. So in the end, structural typing is more flexible and adaptable. So that's the pro, but the cons, of course, are that with this kind of loose sub typing by using our duck typing, there are situations where duck typing can cause confusion.