 So the final topic of the course is dependency injection. So this is a good thing when you actually want dependencies in your code, but you don't want to actually hard code the type of dependency. This isn't, this is just a matter or anything, this is just more of a piece of theory or a concept or a technique. And the word itself may seem kind of scary, dependency injection. There's not actually, it's not scary once you understand the concept. In fact, you've already been doing this all along in the programs that you've already written. We're just kind of formalizing the name and realizing what dependency injection is and when we should use it and how we go about doing it. So the concept of dependency injection is that typically we've always talked about dependency so far in the class where you have one class that needs to communicate with another class and as a result, because of that we have what we call dependency. And when two classes are highly dependent on each other, we call that coupling. We try to avoid coupling or possible, but inevitably we will need to have dependencies because that is how classes communicate. So our goal, however, is to actually control and manage how these dependencies actually happen. The question really is how do we actually provide the dependency to a class that needs it that reduces coupling? And that's where this dependency injection concept comes into play. All it is, it's a set of software design principles that lets us write code to answer this specific question. And all that really happens is that when we have dependency injection, that means you have some external entity or some external controlling force, which is called the injector. And that's responsibility is to actually create the right dependency for the use case that it provides. So as an example, what it means is that imagine that class A is actually dependent on class B. So class A has to communicate with class B in some way. However, we don't want class A, we tightly coupled to class B. So we don't only want to a solid instance to the concrete class in class A, a referencing class B. So how should we do this? So first of all, there's kind of three rules that we should follow. The first is that class A should not explicitly refer to class B. So what I mean by this is that no where in class A should we actually directly mention the type of class B. We shouldn't instantiate class B within it. If we do need to somewhat refer to type, we prefer to refer to the abstract abstractions that so class B over here, if this has an abstract class, then we want to refer to that abstract class instead of the concrete class of class B. Second is that I kind of already mentioned this, but class A should not be responsible for constructing or importing that dependency itself. And that'll be clear once I show you an example. And then finally, class B should be constructed, imported or retrieved by this external entity injector instead. So class A should not be responsible for construction, class B, that should be done by the injector, some external class or entity. So I always go back to this example. Way back in week three, we talked about this program where we have some high-level module, which is some UI, and needs to get access to some low-level module. So this is a text file class that we want to be able to read, write and search from a text file. And the reason we labeled this one as high-level is because this UI class has this text file class in it, but it probably has other different types of classes and components as part of it. Whereas this text file class is a very simple class, all it's doing is focused on reading, writing and searching within its code. So here, because of this arrow, we're seeing that this high-level module is dependent on this text file, because the UI needs to access this text file class to actually write to a text file. And we talked about this dependency inversion principle, where we said that high-level modules should not actually depend on the low-level modules. We should depend on abstractions instead. And then at the same time, abstraction should not depend on details. The details should depend on abstractions. And I'll show you some of the next slides, but we call classes that implement details concrete classes. Some of the slides you saw earlier, the text file itself is a concrete class, and the abstract classes should declare an interface, and the concrete classes should contain the code that it blends the details of the interface. So that's just this next slide over here. We're seeing that instead of the UI primal component, we're lying on this direct concrete subclass. Instead of this arrow, pointing directly at text file, we're seeing that we want to abstract out all the behavior of our text file into this abstract interface data source. And then we have these concrete subclasses that are actually going to be depending on the abstraction instead. So notice these arrows where the high-level module depends on the abstraction. And at the same time, all of these concrete subclasses are dependent on the abstraction to figure out what behavior they need to do. So what this allows us to do is it meets the requirements of dependency injection. In this case, the UI class right here, it no longer has a hard-coded reference to text file. So we see that because there's no direct arrow from UI to text file. And that's great. We have this UI referencing the abstract instead. But then the question is that's great that the UI is no longer accessing the concrete, but how do we actually access it? Eventually, UI needs to talk with some concrete component. So how do we actually create one? How do we access it? And how we do that is actually via the constructor. So here's where the constructor dependency injection happens. So what we're doing in this code is that we're actually providing the UI class with a reference to a concrete data source. And that data source is created in the main method. And that's where the dependency is actually injected. So if I look at this code for a second, we have our UI class. And then we have our initialization, initializer right here. And we have a usual self. But we're passing in the concrete data source. So notice that UI right here, UI isn't actually instantiating a concrete data source here. All it's doing is it's creating a pointer or reference to the data source that's being passed into it from somewhere else. And that's somewhere else where we're actually creating the concrete version of the data source is the main. So notice that main is actually creating our JSON object here. And so this JSON file is our concrete data source. And we're passing that concrete data source into our UI's initializer. So this action where we take a concrete object, pass it into the object that depends on it. Pass it in here. This is what we call we've injected our data source into the dependent class. So this is what we call constructor dependency injection. It's because we've actually injected the actual dependency via the constructor. So the great thing about this just to review is that the UI class itself never has to instantiate anything. Any dependency is it needs is actually done externally out here in the main and then passed in to the constructor right here. So another example of this is actually the factory design pattern, specifically in this diagram. This is the factory design pattern. This also implements the dependency injection principle. So I mentioned earlier that you've done all this before, right? This dependency injection concept, this is where we're formalizing it. So this is just to show you that this is another example of where you have already done this. So to go through where the dependency injection is in this case, what happens is that we have our client which is a forum website. So to go over what this is, this is modeling a program where you have different numbers or different types of users in a program. We have guest users and member users that need to use an even password and then we have some factory that knows how to create different types of users. So ultimately, we don't want our forum website to actually instantiate a concrete guest or a concrete member. So instead, we actually make our client right here. We make it so that it actually depends on the abstract product interface. So the product that we're creating is a user. So this forum website actually depends on this abstract user instead. And ultimately though, the client does need a way to access the user. So instead of the forum website creating these users over here, we are actually deferring that to the user factory instead. So because we're deferring the creation from the client here, the user factory, we say that the factory is actually injecting the client with the required dependency. So to go over that again, ultimately, the forum website is dependent on one of these. Are there member or a guest? But we don't want the forum website to directly construct a member or a guest. We want the forum website to refer to this abstract user concept instead. So as a result, this factory will generate the users for us. And then after that user is created for us, the factory will then pass the information back to the client so that act of passing the user back to the client is what we call injecting or injecting the client. This is fourth point. The factory class is actually inject the client with the required dependency. So the dependencies are the members of the guests. So yet finally, in this example, the forum website is dependent on the concrete users. But it's actually the user factory that injects the form website with the right kind of user. So looking back at our most recent assignment too, we used dependency injection there. And in fact, that was using a more complicated version, which is the abstract factory. So in that case, we had a store that needed access to all the concrete items in the inventory. So these all these items, these are the concrete things that we needed. But we didn't actually have a store manually created itself. We defer the creation to all of our abstract factories. And then it's the actually the abstract factory that implemented dependency inversion principle. So this allowed it so that the store was now only dependent on the abstract interfaces and not the items. And we've also implemented dependency injection because the factories or the classes that actually provide the right item and the details of the store. So we can say that the abstract factories were our injectors. They were the ones that created the item and then injected or passed that information back to our store. So if this is all done right, dependency injection is a very powerful tool. And it's it's almost like magic when it works. So so far we've talked about dependency injection not so much as something that's built in to Python. It's more a design concept. And the great thing about this is that dependency injection in that way because it's more of a concept, it can be used with any language that supports an object going to the program. But Python also has a dependency injection actual framework that makes it easier to do this. We're not really going to cover it too much, but this is more of a just if you're curious. There actually is a framework available on GitHub that will allow you to do this much, much maybe not much easier, but a more formalized way of doing dependency injection.