 Next, I want to go through the importance of indentation. Some of you are wondering why we needed to write our code in the following format in this case. So for instance, in this case for lab 1, we had some calculator code up here. And then just to follow our example that I've shown earlier, we want to have this if statement to figure out if we're currently running our code in main. So we have our if, name, equal to the main string, then execute main. And some of you are wondering why we had to write it because if we didn't have the if statement and we just had main over here, it looked like our calculator code worked exactly the same. There's no problem. And I would say you're right, but only in the situation where all of our code is in one file. So if everything is in a single file, then you're right, we don't really need that if statement before we call our main function. But the issue is that within Python, everything on indent level 0, meaning if there's no indentation over here, no indentation, everything on indent level 0 will be executed. And your calculator code worked fine because it was only a single program in a single file. Things get a little bit more complicated when we have multiple files that are importing other files. Because as soon as you import a file, everything on indent level 0 in the other file will be executed. And sometimes that might not be what you want. So I'll show you an example here. Okay, so here I have two files, indentexample.py and indentexample2.py. So this indentexample 1, very simple, all I have is two print statements up above. I have a main function that just prints out this message. And then our usual if statement to begin our our driver code. And this is how I suggest you write your access to your main functions. And if I run the code, you see it prints out three lines. And if let's say I comment out this one, and I bring in just main, and I run the code again, then it also prints out three lines. So this is where the confusion comes from. It's like both methods, whether you have this method or this main method, they seem to do the same thing. So you're right if you're only dealing with a single file, then they do the same thing. However, let's look at the situation where we're importing files instead. So let's bring back the proper method first. So the proper method is this. And then let's look at indentexample2. So in indentexample2, what I have is kind of like a a simplified version of our calculator lab. But the first thing I'm doing is I'm importing our indent example Python module over here. I have a whole bunch of functions that print out some things. And then I have a main function and then my regular main function here. So if I run my code, you see that the first thing that happens is I import the indentexample. So in there, it prints out start import and import. And then it figures out I have a function. And then because currently, I'm not running the code from this module, this one here, then it skips over executing main. So we do not see this print line here, which is what we want. We don't want to see the print in the example one code. So this is working as expected. So after we do this, then we go through all these functions. They are loaded, but they don't execute yet. And then we go to main. That's loaded and not executed. Then we hit this little bit where we actually execute our code. So we call main. And we print example two. And we call all these individual functions to print out all these statements. So this is exactly what we want. Let me just run that again. So we said this is exactly the output that I'm expecting. And that is correct. So let's change it. So let's go back to indentexample one. And let's change this if statement. So in this if statement, we initially assumed that hey, there's, there seems to be no difference between this approach or this approach. So let me just bring it so we change it to this one where main is just sitting on indent level zero over here. Let's go back to indentexample two. And let's run it again. So I run it again. And notice something different. We have this extra line right here. The reason this is happening is that when I import the indentexample from over here. So when I call this Latin code, let's jump into there. We run this one. So we print out start import. We run that one. We get end import. The main is loaded, but not executed. And then we run main right here. So again, if you're importing files, anything like indent level zero is executed. So main is executed right away, which then prints out this line. So that's not what we want. At least that's not my intention. I don't want the main function to be called in this code when I'm not running the code from this file. So if I don't run like this code directly, I don't want the main to be executed. So that's where the difference comes in. So hopefully that was clear. Whoops. Let's change the back. So hopefully that was clear where depending on your desired functionality, you may not want your main to be executed here. So in that case, don't have any code that you don't want executed on level zero of your Python files. I think that's it for the importance of an notation.