 The fourth solid principle is the interface segregation principle. And now we're looking at a totally new problem. Let's say we're modeling a zoo. And in this zoo, we have humans, whales, swans, and giraffes. And we're being smart. We're using all the different design principles that we've learned so far. So in this case, we're going to create one top level abstract base class called animal. And we're going to have all the different subclasses inherit from that. So let's check out this animal interface. So in this animal interface, we know it's an interface because we're inheriting from the abstract base class right here. And then because this abstract base class has to encompass all the different behaviors of all these different types of animals, we have to have a whole bunch of functions or methods. So all animals have the ability to breathe and eat. And then some of them can walk as well. Some of them can swim and some of them can fly. So we're also adding these different walk, swim, and fly methods as well. But there's a problem because now not all these animals can do all these things. So for instance, for our human class, humans can't fly, at least not by themselves. So we kind of have to override the fly method and just have empty code. Same idea for the, let's say we have a fish class or a whale, a whale class, for instance. Our fish or sorry, our whale does not have the ability to walk. So therefore we have to make our walk method just be empty and do nothing. And it's kind of a waste or it's not, it's a waste of code or it's a waste of having code there. Also it's kind of confusing as well. So again, the question is how would you solve this? How would we be able to make it so that our interface doesn't have some of the functionality that some of our subclasses don't need? So this is where the interface segregation principle comes into play. And this is just stating that it's a better idea to have many client specific interfaces than have one giant interface that does absolutely everything. Or in other words, the interface segregation principle is stating that no client, so no subclass, should be forced to depend on methods it does not use. So in our example, our human class should not be forced to have a fly method when it's not going to be able to use it. Or in other words, do not add functionality to an existing interface by adding new methods. What we, how we can kind of think of this is this whole principle in itself is pretty much stating that we should apply the single responsibility principle for interfaces and abstractions. So let's check out the solution. So I know this diagram looks intense at the beginning, but let's break it down first. So initially we have what we saw in the previous slide. We have our animal abstract base class, and then we have the four subclasses that are inheriting from that animal base class. That's perfectly fine. The new little bit we're adding is that instead of having all the fly walk and swim methods inside of animal, let's separate some of them out into their own separate interfaces. So the walk function or the walk method, for instance, is in its own separate walkable interface. The swim method is in its own swimmable interface, and flyable is also its own separate flyable interface. And how we've separated out is the animal class now only has, I think it was, breathe and eat. So only breathe and eat are in here, and all the extra abilities are down in these separate interfaces. So then what this allows us to do is that each individual subclass can then only inherit the things that they really need. So in this case, for instance, our human is an animal, so they can eat and breathe. But they can also walk. So you see the human has an arrow that's going to get the walking ability from walkable. And if we follow this arrow, it's also extending the ability so they can also swim. So let's check out the actual code inside of these interfaces. So we see that the walkable interface, which is down here, that has the walk method in it. Swimmable interface has a swim method. And then in this case, how it looks like is that our class human in this case will now inherit from animal, which we did before, to inherit the breathe and eat. And here it's from walkable. So we get this walk method. So that means we have to override the walk method in here. And then we also inherit the swimable interface. So it will override the swim method in here as well. So this is great because instead of polluting the animal base class with five different methods and not unimalsable use, we create separate individual interfaces, which are walkable, swimable, and flyable that have the handle different responsibilities. And then the last point is saying that yes, you're right. At first, this looks like a complicated diagram because we introduced all these new interfaces and these inheritance arrows look a little bit scary. But in the end, it becomes much easier to maintain because each class only has the behaviors that they can actually do.