 Okay, so now that we've gone over iterables, iterators again, let's finally get into one of our main topics today, which is Comprehensions. So far, the code that we've written looks kind of something like this, where we're looking at this section of the diagram. So let me just draw in pen. We've kind of looked at this part of the diagram. We've known about these concepts. So we start off with a container and a container is like a list or a dictionary, let's say. And a container is typically an iterable, meaning it's an object that you can iterate over. And then, meaning these two concepts are kind of the same thing. Containers are typically iterable objects. And for an iterable object, and if you want to get an iterator from it, we call the itter function, which gives us an iterator, iterator. And then from the iterator, whenever we want to get the next element in our container, we call next. So that's all good. And then also this arrow goes the other way, an iterator always is an iterable, meaning you can always call the itter function on an iterator to get itself. So the only thing that's new in this diagram is this little bit over here. What is this thing? Comprehensions. And let's talk about that right now. But first, let's go through a little bit of a problem. Let's say I ask you to write some code for me. And in this code, it will take a range of numbers and then generate a new list that contains all the same numbers, except that the odd numbers are now replaced with X. So imagine that this is the coding challenge I gave you. And we might write our solution something like this. Let's say we create our initial empty list. And then for every element in this range of 0 to 10, if the we get even numbers. So X modulo 2 equals to 0. This means they're even if they're even numbers, then I'm going to append the number X into this list. Otherwise, they're odd numbers. So X will be an odd number or X, yeah, in a range is an odd number. So then I'm going to append the character X into this list. And this would solve the problem that we have here. This would create a list that contains even numbers and then all the odd numbers are replaced with the character X. But maybe you see that this is actually a lot of code to do a relatively simple task. So this is where comprehension has come into play. So comprehension's are amazing because they allow us to compress these six lines of code into a single line of code. And let's check out how we can do that. So overall, comprehension's allow us to transform or filter an iterable object, such as in our previous example, in our code, we saw uppercase iterable class. And after that transformation, the object itself will be another iterable object. So in other words, it allows us to take a list, let's say, a list of some values, transform that, do some modifications on it to produce a new list. So in simple words, we can create one iterable from another iterable by following some special rules or filters. And it's really powerful because it provides us with a very simple and readable syntax. So I know initially it won't look very simple and readable. But once we go over it a few times, you'll see that it's actually pretty simple syntax. So when we first see it, it might seem kind of irrelevant for simple examples on when we want to use this. But these comprehension's can be applied for very complex sequences and provide very, very powerful behavior. So generally, let's check out this example here. This is the general syntax for what a comprehension looks like. And we view it in different sections. So first of all, is we have some for loop that is going to iterate over some list. So you see right here, we say, for I in list. So the idea is we want to extract the variable I from our list. And then we have the option of doing some filtering if we want. So that's where this if condition is. So let's say in the example before we had the filter condition, where we said, if it's even number, let's add the number to our list. If it's an odd number, then let's replace it with character. So that's the if filter condition. And then finally, once we're done with our filtering, then we provide the output over here. So output is is effectively what is the final thing that's going to be added to our list. So we kind of read this example as following. So for I in our list of 123 for so for every element in our list here. If the number I is greater than two. Then let's add I to the power of three to our list. So you might be wondering why I keep saying list. It's a list because if you notice on the outside or using square brackets. And that means that we want to add all of these elements in a list. So once again, this is saying for every element in this list 123 for if that element I is greater than two. Let's let's add the output I to the power of three to our list. So we'll go through some more examples. So here I separated out a little bit further. So again, there's always an input sequence, which is our for loop. So for I in a list optionally, you can do some filtering here. So if this is an even number. That's our filter condition. Then we're going to add I to the power of two into our list. So these are square brackets here, which is our list. Okay, so now let's look at an example. Let's say where we do some modifications to some strings. So let's say we have the following iterable or list. And in this list, I have a series of strings. So I have a list because it's a square bracket. And then we have a bunch of strings, bread, milk, mangoes, mandarin and onions. And then I save that into my groceries variable. And what I want to do in this list of strings is I want to say, here's my goal. I want to print out or save a new list of only the elements that begin with the character M. So that's my filter filter condition. I want to only get the words that have the first letter M. So here's how I write my list comprehension. So again, we always have our input kind of sequence, which is for every item in my groceries variable or groceries list. Here's my filter condition. If item at index zero is equivalent to the character M. So I'm literally looking at the first character in every single word. So item is going to be each word in our list. So I'm going to look at let's say bread is the first item right here. And I'm going to look at the first character here as a B. So if B is equivalent to M, then I'm going to add the item into our list. So in this case, bread does not begin with M. So that is ignored. Whereas milk, if item is equal to milk, in this case, the first character zero is M here. So that matches M. So therefore we're going to add item into our list. So this is the output area. So if our item variable satisfies this condition, then that means it's going to successfully add that item into our new list, which is our groceries with M. So hopefully that makes sense. Next, we're going to go through a series of comprehension challenges to kind of get some more sample examples of this.