 Now we're switching gears to talk a little bit more about software design. And our first topic today is dependencies and coupling. So dependencies are when your classes need access to some other class. So for instance, if we have an entity A and that uses entity B in some way, then A is said to be dependent on B. So in the context of our coding, an entity could be a module, a class, package, or subsystem, or some related code. So if we look at a real world example, let's say, let's say we're trying to simulate a sushi restaurant. And in the sushi restaurant, we have a class sushi. And sushi should therefore be dependent on two other classes. We need a rice class and a fish class. And I'll show that in this next example right here. So for instance, if I want to make a piece of sushi, my sushi class has a member variable rice and a member variable fish. And then just by me having these member variables, I say that the sushi class is dependent on rice because I have to have an instance of rice inside of here. And sushi is also dependent on fish because I have to have an instance of fish inside of here. So yeah, once again, if a class A is dependent on class B, then any changes that we make in class B can possibly require us to change something in class A. So that's a little bit of a danger of these dependencies. If I make any changes in the rice class, let's say, let's say I change rice type or I change the vinegar amount variable name or I add a new variable name, then that might mean that I have to go back into my sushi class and then change some code related to rice. Same way that I have for fish, if let's say I delete the fish type variable name or I add a new variable name here, maybe I have to go back in the sushi class and then change these things because fish, something in fish, changed. So this might not sound like such a big deal, but imagine if A and B were subsystems or packages, meaning there's some external modules, not code that we wrote. If something in some external package changed, that's a bigger deal because we can't go into their code and fix it. So the question is, why are dependencies bad? Well, we already saw one example of this. We're just by having this relationship, it's a little bit bad because any changes in here in the sub or in the dependent classes will affect this one. But this is actually an okay code right now. What's worse is when we have something called coupling and coupling is a form of strong dependency. So that's a difference. Dependency is just when a class relies on some other class for to do something, but coupling is when that dependency becomes even stronger. And we try to avoid coupling wherever it's possible. So I'm going to show you an example of coupling. So take a mental picture of this diagram. What I'm going to do is I'm going to move fish from sushi and then put it into rice instead. So in this case, we say that fish and rice are coupled. What I mean by that is that now because fish is inside a rice, anywhere that I use the rice class, fish will always come along with it. In other words, they're coupled together. You cannot have rice without fish. So that's bad because that means we can't have sushi without fish. You'll always have to have fish in your sushi. And we don't want to have the strong dependencies like this. We want to be able to decouple our code, so remove the coupling. So our code becomes much more flexible. The reason this is bad, once again, is because of this type of relationship between rice and fish. One, we can't have fish without rice, but another thing is that if there's any changes in fish, then that's going to have to change rice. And then that might even have to change sushi. So this kind of, any changes in the beginning areas of this class will kind of chain up to multiple classes. So that's where the danger comes into play. So the solution to this is to try to decouple our classes as much as possible for one. But not only that, but to use inheritance and interfaces to also allow us to further decouple our code. So inheritance and interfaces are the most common and effective way of decoupling our code. So let me just explain what's happening in this diagram. So what I've done is instead of having sushi rely on rice and then a fish class somewhere else, I'm making it even more abstract. So sushi still depends on rice. That's fine. But now instead of sushi directly depending on the fish class right here, we're instead making sushi depend on this filling abstract class. So notice that filling is a generic term for any kind of extra filling that we want to add to the sushi. And then because this is an abstract class, we can make an extended by adding other types of filling. So fish, avocado and cucumber. And what this allows me to do is that all of these concrete extended classes must follow this interface that are provided. So they have to implement this amount and is raw a method or properties. And then sushi can therefore be guaranteed that if it's getting information from filling, then they will only have these properties. And it doesn't care if it's a fish, avocado or cucumber type. All sushi cares about is whatever this filling interface tells us is available. So just one piece of note is that this doesn't entirely remove dependency. And that's perfectly fine. Entities will always be dependent on each other. And that's how object-oriented programming works. But it's better to have these weaker dependencies instead of strong dependencies, where sushi is relying directly on concrete classes. So I'll show you a more realistic example, bringing it back to coding. So say that we're developing an app, and that app is some user interface. And we want to populate this user interface with some data that we read from a text file. So you see we have a separate class called text file, and we have some read, write and search functions. So that means that in my code here, I can reliably be guaranteed that when I call my text file, I have these read, write and search functions. But after a few years of development, we decide that, hey, maybe I don't want to only read data from a text file. Maybe I also want to read from JSON files, or maybe I want to read from SQL-Lite database files. The problem with this is we'd have to go back to all of our classes and modules to update our UI to be able to support JSON files and SQL-Lite files. Maybe I have to make a new class up here, that's like JSON file, another new class over here, that's SQL-Lite, and then the UI over here will then have to connect those two pieces. So it's kind of annoying already where we have to always go back to our UI class and then modify it every time we add a new type of readable file. So the way that we can get around this is by using interfaces, because interfaces pretty much demand that our classes have to implement certain methods and behaviors. Or in more general OOP terms, this means that our public methods and attributes must be provided by our classes. And these public attributes and methods are the only way to communicate or interface with our class. And we've seen so far in the past few days, in Python there's two different ways that we can implement interfaces. So we have our informal interfaces with duck typing and protocols, and we also have our formal interfaces through our abstract base classes. So the way that we can solve this issue of being able to read text files, SQL-Lite, and JSON files is we use an interface. And in this class diagram, what we've done is our UI is now dependent on this abstract base class or interface, that's known as data source. And what we do here is we're saying that whatever we're going to read into our UI, I'm guaranteeing four things. First is I can read, second I can write, third I can search, fourth is I delete. Anything else about the data source, we don't care about. So then after that we extend all of our data sources by having our text file, SQL-Lite, and JSON file. And the actual concrete nitty-gritty details about how we read from a text file are hidden in here, same idea for SQL-Lite, and JSON. We don't care, at least from the UI's perspective, the UI doesn't care how all this code is implemented. All the UI cares about is that they're in a format that's like this, that's written in the data source. So the great thing about this is now UI has a dependency on this abstract data source, instead of having the UI, we're relied directly on the concrete files themselves. And by doing this, in the future we can have 100 more different concrete data sources down here, but as long as they all extend from data source, or this abstract data source, then UI can properly read them without knowing anything about the concrete details.