 So now it's time to move on to strings. I'm sure you all know what strings are, but just as a bit of a review, a string is an immutable or an unchangeable sequence of unicode code points. And we can bind, in other words, a sign, a string object to be variable. A string literal is the value of a string. So this is the pretty much text that you write between our quotation marks. So we create a string literal using double or single quotes. So just so you know in Python, whether you use these double quotes right here or single quotes right here, they both create strings. And strings may contain letters, numbers, spaces, or symbols. And these strings, letters, or characters are kept in order from first to last. So a character's position in a string is called its index and the plural of indexes indices. So all of our indices start at zero. So if our string is Python, then our index starts at zero for the first character p and the last character n is index five. And the way that we create an empty Python string that has zero elements is to have a variable name equals to single quotes. So in this case, we have two single quotes side by side. So Python uses Unicode to represent every possible character as unique integer known as a code point. So for example, the character A has the code point value of 65. And sometimes you find you have to convert between a text character and the encoded code point integer for it to be useful. And sometimes we use this to process numerical data when we're analyzing large data sets. So in order to do that, there's a built-in function called ORD. And ORD will return the encoded code point integer for a string of length one. So for instance, if we call the ORD function with the character A, it's going to return the number 65. And we can do the opposite as well. So if we call the function CHR, that's going to return the one character string for a code point passed in as an argument. So if pass in CHR, the value 65, then it's going to return you the letter A. I'm just leaving this ASCII table here for your reference. Don't worry about memorizing it. This is just to show you that every character in our strings has an associated decimal value. So in our previous example, A had the value of 65. And that's because in this ASCII table, if we look up the character A, it had its corresponding value, which happened to be 65. Escape sequence characters are the same as they are everywhere else. They allow us to have singular double quotes, format, or strings to have tabs, bell, backspace, carriage returns, or new lines. But I want to show you something really cool that you can do because of the way that strings are formatted with either the double quotes or single quotes in Python. So we mentioned before that in Python, it doesn't matter whether we use double quotes or single quotes for our strings. They're exactly the same. So when I type print, double quote, hello, and run the program, that'll print a hello. That's the same as me using single quotes. So print single quotes, hello. So in this case, Python does not interpret the single quotes as for characters only. It's also for strings. So both of these will work. So let's say I wanted to do something interesting where I wanted to format this hello so that there's a double quotes at the end of it. So over here, there's double quotes. So I might try to do that here by going like that. So I have a double quotes here. So I want to print out just this string. But you see that's impossible because it Python, the Python interpreter is going to see this as I'm trying to create an incomplete string. One way we can get around this is by using our escape sequence. So I can have a slash quote here. And that's going to properly print my double quotes at the end. So that works perfectly fine. We can do that. But another way can do this is we can go like this. So we can wrap our string with single quotes instead. And then now Python sees it as I'm going to wrap my string with single quotes. So when I use double quotes instead inside of it, it's going to interpret that as just a regular character. So this would do the same thing. So it's just something neat to know that depending on what kind of output you want, you can wrap your strings in double quotes or single quotes to get some desired effect. In the previous example, we used the backslash character to denote our escape sequences. But if we don't want to use escape characters, we can create a raw string. And a raw string is just a regular string that is prefixed by the letter R, whether that's lower or upper case. And what this does is that the Python raw string will treat that backslash character as a literal character. And I'll just display it as is. So this is useful if we have a string that contains some backslashes that we want to actually interpret and output as a backslash. So what I mean by this is if we have the print hello slash n world string right here, what generally happens is that Python will interpret this as hello and then the new line escape sequence world. So what it prints out is we'll have hello and then on the new line world. But let's say we didn't want that. We actually wanted to print the actual character slash n. In that case, this is where we want to use a raw string. So to do that, we have the R character in front of our string that tells Python this is going to be a raw string. So anything we put in this string will be I'll put it exactly as you write it. So in this case, the output will be hello slash n world. In this next section, I want to show you some common string methods, functions and features that we can operate on strings. And we see we have just a bunch of code right here. So we're going to hop into PyCharm and try to execute this code to see what happens. So here's the code that I've copied from the slides. And if I were to run it straight away, nothing prints out. And that's because nothing prints to the screen or console in PyCharm, unless we wrap it all in print statements like this. So if I wrap this whole code in a print statement, then it'll finally print to the screen. So this is a little bit cumbersome for this code sample. So what I'm going to do instead is I'm going to cancel out of that. And instead at the very bottom, I'm going to load up the Python console. What the Python console is is it allows me to paste a piece of code in here. And then when I run it, it'll print the result right away. So it's a little bit of a time saver just for us to quickly run some simple code. So here we see that when I copy this string title, it prints out string. So what the title function does is it just capitalizes the first character in my strings. Let's try something else. String hello, let's see. And oh, I should do that right here. String hello. So you see, it just capitalizes the first character in every single word. Next, let's load our string variable. So in this case, we're putting our string comp 3522 into the my string variable. And let's run upper. So in this case, that's going to uppercase all the alphabetical characters in my string. Lower, as you can expect, we'll lowercase all the alphabetical characters. If we call this LEN or length function, I'm sure you can guess it'll tell us the length or number of characters in my string. So we have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, which matches nine, which is great. And then here we mentioned earlier that all of our strings are indexed, meaning we can get the character at a specific index. So here, we're trying to grab the third character that happens to be P. So index zero, one, two, three. So grabs P perfectly at index zero. Right here, we correctly grab the character C. And then you might notice something really interesting, which is this one, but we're trying to get the negative character. So take a guess as to what this might get. So our original string was comp 3522. So what does that get? Let's try it out. It gets two. So what's happening here is negative two means that we're going to start at the end of our string and then walk two characters back. So one character back is negative one and then negative two will grab two. And let's just to preview what's happening next. Let's let's grab negative three. So negative three is five. So that's this one right here. So negative one, negative two, negative three. So one little kind of handy shortcut and Python to get characters at the starting at the end of your sequence. Back to our original question, if we invoke these methods, does the original string change? So in our original string, we had my string. And when we call dot upper, does that modify this string to all caps comp 3522? And same thing when we call the dot lower, does that modify the original comp 3522 to be all lowercase? And the answer is no. What's actually happening is that when we call dot upper or or dot lower, it's creating an entirely new string that has that effect changed to it. So when we call dot upper on this string, it creates an entirely new comp 3522 string that has the alphabet all shifted to upper case. The reason this is the case is because when we assign a string literal into a variable, that string is immutable, meaning that original string cannot be changed. Alright, so here we have a list of other different functions that you can call on strings. I won't go through all of them because they're all pretty self explanatory based on the naming here. What I did wanted to bring your attention to was the joint function. So this is a way for us to concatenate or put two strings together. Another way you can do this is by using the plus equals operator. But I'd advise against that just because the dot joint function or the joint function is just faster because it doesn't create a temporary string in the process. If you ever need more information about strings, you can go to this link. In addition to that, you can always also call the help function. So again, the help function is a built in function within Python. And all you have to do is pass in the name of the function and the type that you're working with. And that'll bring up the doc string that'll explain what that function does and how to use it. Alright, so let's check out this string concatenation example. Here I have a string, a one piece cast equals to Luffy. And then we have our variable numbers, our num members equals to six. So we have a string here and an integer here. And then finally down in this print statement, I'm pretty much trying to concatenate all these together. So we have our one piece cast, which is our string added. I'm going to concatenate it with our literal and here. And then can concatenate that with the number, num members, which is an integer plus another string. In this case, if you try to run the code, you're going to run into an error. And the reason is because we were not allowed to concatenate strings, which are these ones over here with an integer. If you ever see yourself in the situation, you'll have to explicitly cast your integer into a string first. So the way that we can do casting in Python is you just wrap your variable around with parentheses and then you cast it into your target type. There are multiple ways that we can have multi-line strings in Python. And there's three different ways that I can think of that we can do this. First is we can break up our strings with the backslash character. So here we have our string wrapped in our double quotes. And every time we want to break to a new line, just have the backslash character. So keep in mind that if we print out this string, it will appear as one long string in the output. This is just purely for formatting. In our pie charm editor, let's say, same idea for the parentheses method. So in this case, we don't have the backslash at the end, but instead we wrap our strings in the parentheses instead. And every time we want a new line, just separate it out over here. So again, when we print this string long into our console, it's going to appear as one long string. The final way that we can do it is with the triple quotes method. So this is similar to how we write our strings with with dock strings. So we have the triple quotes. And then every time we want to make a new line, just have a new line. And you don't have to write any quotes here. The key thing to keep in mind with this approach is that if you were to print out string long in this case, the output isn't one super long line. Instead, it'll actually be broken up. So depending on what you want to do and how you want your output to be formatted, you have to choose which multi-line string approach you want.