 Hey class, welcome to day two of our lecture this week. We have quite a few topics to cover today. The first is something interesting because I want to really go over how Python handles variables and memory differently because when we're writing our code so far we might have noticed some strange behavior that differs from what we expect. Otherwise the remainder of our topics are mainly object oriented programming concepts. So we're going to get into inheritance interfaces, some new terminology for you called duct typing protocols, formal protocols, abstract based classes and a little bit of review on how to create proper e-mail diagrams. But before we begin on our main topics today, I want to review this final concept about static versus class methods. So recall that static and class methods are types of methods where it's a method that belongs to a class instead of each individual instance of your class. And the idea is that static methods do not use that CLS parameter, whereas class methods do use the CLS parameter. The reason being that class methods want to access class variables inside of CLS. And this is actually enforced in Python. If we try to create a class method without the CLS parameter and run the code, there will actually be an error. So here we have a class method because we know it because it's tagged with the at class method decorator. And then we have a regular method name and normally we have a CLS here. But in this case I don't and if you try to run the code, it'll actually give you an error that says this method takes one positional argument, but two were given. The opposite is also true. If we try to create a static method with a CLS, which is not allowed and run the program, there will also be an error. So just a little bit of a reminder to not include CLS for static methods. So here by including the CLS in my static method, I get this error. So I'll show you a quick coding example of what this looks like. So this is the same cat code that I showed you last time. And in this cat code, I had a class method right here and a static method here. So initially, class methods should always have the CLS parameter here so we can access any class variables in the code. And then the way that we call this is down here. I would call the name of the class itself and then call my class method directly. So this code works. This is fine. So if I run this, everything looks fine. And then what I'm going to do now is I'm going to change this class method and then I'm going to change it. So it doesn't have the CLS. So I'll get rid of the CLS. And then because there's no CLS, obviously it won't work here because that variable doesn't exist. But let's just say I comment that code out. And I'll just maybe print something just so it doesn't throw an error. Something like that. So then I'm going to try to run the code again. And then when it hits this line of code, it's going to give this error. And as we've seen in the slides already, it says that the this method is taking one positional argument, but two are given because class methods implicitly will pass the class name itself as the first parameter. So this cat is passed into this first parameter here, like the empty first parameter. And then the actual number nine, the number nine here, that's passed in as the second parameter to here. So that's what I need CLS here to make it work. So let's just revert this back to it. So everything works. And then for the static method, it's the opposite concept. The purpose of static methods is to just behave like a method inside of your class, but it doesn't modify any of the classes instance variables or class member variables. As a result, we should not have CLS here. So if I I'll show you the code where I'm running this. So in my get list of celebrity cats here, I'm printing that out. And it's printing these cats out fine, which is great. But if I were to change my static method, so it takes in a CLS, and I run it, you see that there's an error right away saying that it's missing one required positional argument. So I just really wanted to clarify that static methods and class methods are different in this one key way.