 Alright, so in this example, we're going to be creating a little bit of a game world, where we have friendly creatures, enemy creatures, and animals. And over the next few slides, we're going to kind of break down the description of this game and how we can create it using a UML diagram and then jump into the code. So let's begin. So let's see, we're working on a game where we want to spawn a bunch of characters. We have friendly characters, enemy characters, and animals. We have different types of worlds. We may be we have an aquatic world that's very watery based, and then we have a fire world. And there'll be different types of characters based on the world or theme that we're in. And so, yeah, each world would have characters following a specific theme. And the first step we have to do is you want to create this matrix to identify all of our product families. In other words, the groups of related objects in one dimension, and the different varieties or themes in another dimension. So first of all, I mentioned that we have different types of characters. We have friendly characters, enemy characters, and animals. And these are going to be our products, our kind of abstract products in our system. And then our theme or variety is we wanted an aquatic or water theme. And we also wanted a fire lens theme, like a fire etheme. And there's going to be different characters based on these themes. So for all of my friendly products in the aquatic version of the world, there's going to be a mere person. In the fire version of that world, there's going to be friendly fire sprites. For the enemies in the water environment, there's going to be enemy crackings in the water area. And then there's going to be imps in the fire lens. And then for the neutral animal product in the aquatic theme, there's going to be jellyfish. And in the fire theme, there's fireflies. All right, so now that we have these in action, let's look at the UML diagram for them. So for each of the top level product categories, we can see that these are pretty much our abstract classes. So for our friendly products, we have our abstract friendly class here. For the enemy product, we have the abstract enemy. And then animals, we have the abstract animal class up here. And each of them have different attributes. So a friendlies have some name and some health. Enemies have name, health and some strength and some attack and defend functions. And then the animals just have a name and they can move around. And then so to represent all the different themes, we're going to actually subclass each of the product types. So for the friendly abstract product type, we're going to have a child called Merperson to represent the water-based friendly creatures. And then for the fire sprite, that's going to also be inherited to represent the fire-themed version. Same idea for all these other ones. So for the enemy down here, in the water version, we want to crack in. So we have a crack in subclass. And for the enemy fire version, we have an imp. That was down here. And then for the animals, we have jellyfish for the water-themed animals. And then firefly for the fire-themed animals here. And that's it for the products. Hopefully this part makes sense. And again, it's a lot of classes, but conceptually it's pretty easy. We're just subclassing the varieties from the product that we want. Alright, so the next step is you want to define our factory-based class. And this is going to be the abstract-based class that's going to create our product of families. And in this case, we're just going to create or have three creation methods that will create each of our different types of characters. So we have a method to create friendly characters, a method to create the enemy characters, and a method to create the animals. So then to actually go ahead and create the specific character for a theme, we have to extend our character factory. So as soon as we extend our character factory, we have this very specific character factory. And this one is going to be the aquatic character factory. So this factory's job is to only instantiate the characters that are water-themed or aquatic-themed. So this create friendly will create, I don't remember all the animals. So this one will create all of the mer person for the friendly animals. It'll create the crackings for the enemies, and then the jellyfish for the animals. And then this Firelands character factory will create all of the fire-themed characters for the friendly enemy and animal. So this Firelands character factory is going to create the fire sprite, imp, and firefly. So if we bring it all together, then our D.O.M.O diagram looks like this. So again, it looks giant, but when we break it down, it's actually pretty easy. So the same idea as the one we had a long time ago, we have the products at the top. Here's all the different characters, friendly character, enemy, and animal, and all the different variations for the different environments. So water and fire variant, water and fire variant, water and fire variant. And then down here are the factories. So we have our top level abstract character factory that can create three different types of characters. And then here are our concrete factories that will create the specific theme character. So we see that the aquatic character factory only has dependencies on the water-based characters. So it's going to create the water-based mirror person. And if you follow the orange arrow, it's creating the water-based crack in for the enemy. And then the create the animal will create the jellyfish. And then for the firelands, this will create the fire-based characters. And then we choose to create the fire sprite. When we call get create friendly, when we call create enemy, it's going to create an imp. And when we call create animal, it's going to create the firefly. And then finally to bring it all together, we have to have some client code that's going to be our game. That's going to control which factory we instantiate and which factories we pass into our world to instantiate all of our characters. So next, let's check out the code.