 Now that we've seen an example of the proxy pattern, this slide is just want to really hammer on the fact that the proxy pattern on the right side has the exact same structure as a wrapper over here. So this class diagram was taken from several slides ago when I was talking about a wrapper. And you can see that they have the exact same structure, and that's because the proxy pattern is literally just a wrapper. And to kind of really compare them, so we have our common interface at the top up here for the wrapper. We also have the common interface at the top. We have to have some methods that we're going to override. So operation here and some common methods here. And then we have we also have two subclasses that inherit from the common interface. So in the wrapper example, we have a wrapper and a wrapper that both inherit from this common interface. Same idea for the proxy pattern, both the proxy child and the service child, both inherit from the service interface abstract class. And then also the final component of this is that the wrapper must have an instance of the wrapped or rapid object inside of it. So right here, a wrapper has an instance of the rapid object inside. Just like in this case, the proxy is a wrapper. And it has an instance of the wrap P inside. And in this case, the real service is our wrap P object. So just want to really emphasize that the wrapper concept is exactly the same as the proxy design pattern. So I showed you an example of a simple proxy code before. And now I want to show you a more maybe more realistic example of where you might want to use it. So let's try to build a proxy example ourselves. So let's say that I want to create a movie database. And in this movie database, I can add information about movies. So insert information about movies. I can view information about the movies, delete information and search information about movies. So that's what I want my movie database to be able to do. And I'm going to try to represent this functionality in this movie database class down here. But I also want to not have this database completely open to everybody. I want to restrict access to it. So moderators have some functionality that they can access. So maybe moderators can do all four things. Members can do a subset of these things. And then guests can maybe only view movies, let's say. And my ultimate question is how can I have both these two sets of functionality without over complicating the movie database class code? And we're going to try to do that with the proxy pattern itself. So how I've broken this down is that all this main functionality is going to be able to be pushed up to an abstract interface up here. So we have our ability to let's say connect to the database, insert, view, delete, and search movie information. And what that means is that both my proxy and my actual movie database must have this functionality. And then I'm going to try to restrict the functionality access for moderators, members, and guests, all that functionality restriction. I'm going to put inside of my movie database proxy. So in that case, this proxies purpose is to restrict access to the actual database over here, depending on if the user is a moderator, member, or guest. So let's check out the code to see what this looks like. So if I bring up the movie database right here, let's check out the movie database first, because this is going to be in two separate modules. So here we have our movie database. And again, I'll try to do this side by side. We'll first look at the movie database. And I think in this specific example, I'm not going to create an actual interface. I'm just going to rely on duct typing to make this work. So here I have my class movie database. So I'm going to be implementing this one right here. And in this movie database class, I'm just going to have a bunch of code that's going to be able to connect to a database and have all the functionality to insert view, delete, and search databases. So in my constructor, I have the name, I guess, of my movie, some connect on startup, Boolean, and then my database connection is set in here. And then so it just says that if I want to connect on startup, then I'm going to connect to my database. So first thing I do is I have a connect method. So in this method, don't worry too much about what the code does. It's just connecting to a movie database. So starting up an SQL Lite connection and then setting up, I guess, everything. So I can execute some database calls. And also have a close connection method. And then here is where we have the main functionality for the movie database. So here I have an insert method that allows me to insert a new movie and it's information into my database. So we have the title, director, language, release here. And then I'm going to do some database calls to add that movie into my database. I can view the movie by again making some database calls and returning the information from database. I can delete the movie from a database and then search the movie in my database as well. So here you see a bunch of database calls. All right, so that's my movie database down here in the UMundiagram. The next part is I want to look at the proxy over here. And that's going to be in a separate module called movie database proxy example. So as I mentioned in this case, I'm just not creating a interface database because where we're just relying on duct typing. And the reason we can do this is because Python specifically does allow duct typing to occur. All right, so the purpose of the movie database proxy is I want to restrict the ability to access the previous movie database code that we saw earlier, depending on whether I'm a moderator, a member, or a guest. So here for the initializer, I'm going to get a string that's going to tell me what access level I have. And then the rest of this is the same information I would pass into my database. I have the name of the movie I'm thinking it was. Oh, actually, this name of the file path. Sorry. And then that connect on startup that we saw earlier. So let's see. So here I have my access level. I'm going to save to myself. And then here I'm just going to get information about the file path to my movie database. And then notice here, this is where the I'm going to be setting my a rap. So I'm actually going to create an instance, a whole new instance of movie database within myself right now. So I pass I create an instance of the movie database, pass it the file path name and connect on startup. And then self that database is the entirely new movie database object that I'm going to be storing in this database member variable. And so otherwise if a file name doesn't exist, then I raise an exception. Okay, so again, the purpose of the wrapper proxy or the proxy is to act as a wrapper. So when I call connect, I'm going to add some new functionality. And the new functionality here is I'm going to check the access level of the user before I allow them to connect to my database. So here I'm checking to see if I'm a moderator or a member. And if I am either of them, then I'm going to allow us to directly forward my calls to the database. So here I'm directly calling the database connect that we saw earlier. Otherwise, a reason exception. Same idea for the close connection. I think is the same thing. If I'm a moderator or a member, then I can close a connection. And then for the insert. In this case, notice that the insert is just taking all the same information as the insert earlier. So if I expand this a bit, notice that if I copy this insert and I pop on over to the movie database insert earlier, we have the exact same signature. So this signature up here was the insert signature from the movie database proxy and this insert right here is the insert from this movie database. So you see that you see their identical. So we're lying on duct typing for this to work. All right, so let me go back to the proxy. Let's just you know, okay. So here's my I'm back to my proxy. And again, the added functionality is I want to check the access level. So in this case, only moderators are allowed to insert new movies into the movie database. So if you're a moderator, then yes, go ahead and insert that movie. Otherwise, raise an exception. In terms of viewing, both moderators and members can access the database to view it. Deleting only moderators can call the delete method in the database for searching. Both moderators and members can search the movie database and that's it. So hopefully that makes sense just to show you again that the whole brokers of the proxy class. So this whole class is it's going to be wrapping around the movie database that we created here. And every time we make a method call, whether it's connect, view or insert, we're going to first check the access level. And then if it satisfies the access level checks, then we're going to forward all of the same calls to the database. So in the connect method, we're going to forward the call to the connect in the database. Close will forward the calls to the close, insert. Forwards calls insert and so on and so forth for the rest of them. Okay, so now let's bring it all together. So then in the main all I'm doing is I'm going to create a bunch of movie databases and I'm going to try to access them with various access levels. So see here, I'm going to try to create my movie database as a moderator. And here's my movie database path. And then I want to then as a moderator, I want to insert the movie Shrek and this other information into the database. And I also want to view it and close the connection. And then here I want to access the movie database as a member and then just search a specific movie and then close connection. And finally here, I want to access the movie database as a guest. So let's just run this code and see what happens. So it looks like in the first two cases, when I access the database as a moderator or a member, it looks like it's okay. So the moderator looked like it successfully added Shrek as a movie here because when we try to view the database, it says it has information. And then as the member, all I want to do is search up, I guess all the languages, all the movies, I have the language English. And it finds that we have the Shrek movie. And then as the guest, when I'm trying to search up all the English language movies, it says that, wait, guess cannot connect to the database. So let me just run through, let's say the moderate example. So in this case, I'm going to create a movie database proxy. So if I jump into my movie database proxy, I go to the initializer and then it sets the access level to be a moderator. And then down here, it creates an instance of my database, the actual movie database. So at that, so after executing this line of code, the movie database is created. Then we call the database insert method with all this information. So if I go to my movie database proxies insert method, it's going to be right here. So I pass in that Shrek information. And then first, I check if the access level equal to moderator. In this case, it is. So I am trying to access it as a moderator. As a result, I am able to call the insert method in my movie database. So this insert method is going to call the actual movie database up here. So I pop into the actual movie databases code, which is this insert method. And it will do the actual, I guess, SQL calls to insert that movie into my actual database. After that, we're going to print out database.view. So if I look at the database.view, what happens there is again, in this view proxy method, I am currently a moderator. So it's going to let me view my current database. So I'm going to call the view method inside of database. And that is over here. So in the view method, it just selects all the movies from database, gets all the rows, and then displays them. So if I go back out, so we're going to print all this information. So I think that's why it prints out this big line right here. And then finally, it's going to call database.close. So close connection. That's right here. Again, I am currently a moderator. So then it's going to forward the close connection call to the database. And if I go to close connection, we just close. So very simple right there. So then the member version is very similar. So I won't go through this one, but I want, I do want to go through the guest version right here. So when we call movie database proxy and passing guest, this will go to the constructor just before. So it'll call init. It's going to pass in guest here. Access level is set to guest. And there's nothing in here. I see right here. So I think it's going to set this one to guest. And then we're going to do this check. So if the path. Suffix is database, which it is. And the access level is equal to moderator or member. Then it's going to go ahead and create the database. But we have a problem currently. The access level is actually set to guest. So as a result, we're actually going to hit the else case and then raise the exception. So that's why we have this message check, file name or access level. Guests cannot access. That's what we get this one. Yeah, so hopefully that explains how a proxy can allow us to add functionality to our movie database without over complicating the original movie database module file.