 Alright, so let's start to learn about the factory pattern. But first, I want to clarify the word factory in general. You've probably heard factory a lot in the past. And in general, whenever you do hear it, it just refers to something that's responsible for making things. And the things that we're making in this case are just objects, or instantiating objects. And you've probably heard the word factory thrown around a lot. And this can cause a lot of confusion. Because when someone says factory, they can be referring to many different things. They can be referring to the patterns themselves, so the factory pattern or abstract factory pattern. They can be referring to a class that creates an object, or they can be referring to a static class method that generates objects. So all these three things are technically factory, but they're all meanings slightly different things. And in addition to that, you might hear about a creation method as well. An equation method, similar to what we've talked about before, is just a method or function that's responsible for creating an object. And this in itself is also technically a factory because it creates something. And this creation method, it's different from a constructor. So for instance, if we look at the code below, this generate random asteroid method is technically a creation method. Because if you look in the code below, what it does is it calls the initializer, the classes initializer to create an asteroid, and then return it. Creation methods themselves also don't have to generate new instances of objects. They can just return a cached object or reused object as well. So all of this is just to show you that there's a whole bunch of confusion when it comes to the wording of factories creation methods. And it just wants to resist the urge to call creation methods a factory method. Because the factory pattern itself is also known as the factory method pattern. So anyways, these slides were just here to show you that hopefully we can avoid the confusion when referring to factories, creation methods, and factory patterns. All right, so I want to bring you back to an old example that I keep going back to, which is when we talked about the dependency inversion principle. Hopefully you remember this example where we're trying to create a system that has a user interface and that user interface wants to read from some data source. In this case, we want to read from a text file. So we create some text file class that has the ability to read, write, and search from text files. And over time, we want to expand our system so that we can read from more than just a text file, but from SQL and JSON files, let's say. And then so then we expand our system to look more like this, where our UI is going to depend on some abstract data source. So this abstract data source has all the abstract methods read, write, search, and delete that eventually our concrete classes need to implement. And then once these concrete classes implement all the abstract methods, then technically this UI system can read from any of these data sources with no problem. Because this UI is going to depend on the abstraction instead of relying on the concrete types. So the reason I'm bringing this back is because our factory pattern is very much linked to this dependency inversion principle. The overall goal of the factory pattern is we want a way to decouple the client code that uses an object or service from the code that creates the object or service. So let's consider this scenario where we have a system that's managing the logistics of delivering some goods. And it looks like this. We have our logistics system here. And if it's done correctly, this logistics system should only ever depend on the abstract transport interface to call it to deliver goods, let's say. This logistics system should never directly communicate with the truck concrete class or the ship concrete class. By doing this, we followed the dependency inversion principle, which is great. In other words, the diagram, however it is now, is perfect. The logistics system is dependent only on the transport interface. But we have a small problem. At some point in our system, we have to instantiate a truck or a ship to make our system do something. And if the logistics system is the code to instantiate a truck or a ship, then notice these arrows. We've actually introduced a dependency, whereas previously we didn't have a dependency. And this would break the dependency inversion principle. In this system, as we've drawn out here, our high level module is now dependent on a low level module. And this defeats the purpose of this beautiful system and diagram we had earlier. So to review, if the logistics system is the code that's responsible for instantiating a truck or a ship, this will break our dependency inversion principle. We do not want these dependencies here for this arrow and this arrow right here. So let's start to try to solve this problem. The step one is we don't want the creation code to be in a logistics system class. We don't want logistics system to instantiate a truck or the ship inside of this class. And let's try to solve that by moving the creation code into an entirely new class called transport factory. So now the sole responsibility of this transport factory class is to create a transportation. So this factory's job is to instantiate a truck or a ship. And how that might work is maybe a logistics system is going to call a method in transport factory passing in an enum. Maybe we pass in a truck enum. And then the transport factory will take that enum and then it's going to return a truck. And then if a logistics system passes in a ship enum into transport factory, then the transport factory will return a ship. That seems a little bit better because we've moved the creation from logistics into transport. But if we really think about it, it doesn't actually solve our problem. All we've done is we've moved our creation logic from logistics into a separate class. We still have this really nasty dependency. So if we look at our create transport code, it might look something like this where our create transport method takes in some, let's say, current type enum. And if it happens to be a ship, then we return a ship. If it happens to be a truck type, then it'll return a truck. And by doing this, we can see that the create transport method has a dependency on ship and truck. So visually what that looks like is our transport factory class. Really it has a dependency on ship. And it also has these dependency arrows to truck. And that completely defeats the purpose of what we're trying to solve initially. We still have a higher level module that has dependencies on lower level concrete classes. So that doesn't actually solve our problem. So let's see how can we actually solve this problem so that this transport factory doesn't have these dependencies. The way that we're going to try to solve this with the factory pattern is the following. So we still have our transport factory class. But in this case, we're going to make it an abstract class. And in this abstract class, we're going to have a generic abstract method called create transport. And it's going to be empty, probably nothing in there. And then instead of having some if else statements inside this create transport, what we're going to do instead is we're going to subclass this entire transport factory into two children. One is called truck factory. And one is called ship factory. And the only code we have in each of these create transport over written methods is they're going to instantiate the actual object that we want. So what I mean is that this is a truck factory. So because it's a truck factory, its only job is to instantiate trucks in its create transport method. And the code here, notice that the create transport method inside of our truck factory is only going to return a truck. And similar idea for the ship factory, the only job for a ship factory is to instantiate a ship. So in its create transport method, all it's going to do is return an instance of ship. So if we were actually to draw the arrows in this case, so this truck factory will have these dependency arrows to truck here. And then the ship factory itself will have these dashed dependency arrows to ship like that. And this is how we're going to solve the dependency issue we had before. So notice now that the transport factory is not dependent on these concrete trucks or the concrete ship and the logistics system is also not dependent on the concrete truck or the concrete ship. And this is how we solve the issue. So how this all kind of fits together in the end is that you'll have some separate controller or class out here that's going to determine if we need a ship or a truck. And then if it determines that we need a truck, it's going to pass this truck factory into the logistics system. The logistics system will call the factory to create a transport. And then from the logistics systems perspective, it doesn't know whether it's getting a truck or ship. All it knows is it's getting some generic factory. And then from that generic factory, it's going to call create transport to create some specific transport. It doesn't know which one it is, but it's going to create some transport. And then from that transport is created, then it's going to call its deliver function or whatever functions are inside of the transport object. And by doing this, the logistics system is now only dependent on the abstract factory or abstract transport factory. And it's also only dependent on the transport interface. The logistics system is never directly dependent on truck factory, ship factory, truck or ship. So that's the cool part of this. We're making logistics system only rely on these abstractions instead of all these lower level concrete classes. All right, so if this is still confusing, we'll definitely go into a concrete detailed example later on. But let's just go through some more high level concepts. So overall, in the most generic form, this is what the factory pattern looks like. You have some client code that wants to create a product. And in this case, we get some factory and we call the create product function in that factory. So from the perspective of this client, it doesn't know if it's getting a concrete factory A or concrete factory B. All it knows is it has some factory and we're calling create product on it. Let's say for instance, we passed in a concrete factory A into this. So when we call create product, it's going to try to call a create product in this interface. But because we passed in a factory A, it's going to call a create product of the factory A. So this product P will actually be getting a product from the concrete factory A, which happens to be a concrete product A. So again, if I draw the little arrows, so concrete factory A is, it has a dependency on this concrete product A right there. And then concrete factory B, its own responsibility is to create objects of concrete factory B like that. So if we pass in a concrete factory A here, it's going to create a concrete product A here. And then when we call do something on concrete product A, it's going to call the concrete product A's functionality to do something. So next, we're going to look at a concrete example of how we can create a UML diagram from scratch and also how we can write the code for this factory design pattern.