 Hey class, welcome to week two. So today we're going to be covering a few topics. First is we're going to learn about how we're going to handle date and time in Python, then move right into object-winter programming. So we're going to start off with just a brief overview of object-winter programming in general as a concept, and then dive right into how we write OOP code in Python, at least the beginning parts of it. And then after that we're just going to go over the general higher level concepts of why we use OOP in general, mainly for abstraction, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. So let's begin with date time. Generally we want to execute a program where actively sitting in our chair at our computer, writing the program. And for the most part that's fine. But sometimes we want to be able to run our programs when we're not actually there directly supervising it. Maybe we want to execute some code at a specific date and time, or maybe we want to execute some code at a specific interval. So we can do this by writing programs that launch other programs on a set schedule by using the subprocess and threading modules. I know that sounds complicated, but it's not really. All this really means is that there is a module or other file that's built into Python that we can access to get the systems clock. And this allows us to figure out the specific date, time, and time zone. And this module is called the time module. And this gives us access to the current time. And we're going to be mainly looking at two specific functions, the time.time function, and the time.sleep function. So hopefully there's a self explanatory, but the time.time function will govus the current time in seconds. And the time.sleep function will allow us to pause the execution of our program for a specific period of time. And everything is predicated on the Unix epoch. I'm going to explain what this is. Pretty much the Unix epoch is a way for us to have a point of reference in time used in programming. And the Unix epoch is the point where time begins, at least in terms of computers. And we've arbitrarily set this as the beginning of time for all computers happened on January 1st, 1970, at midnight, in the UTC time zone. And whenever we call time.time, this is counting the number of seconds that has passed since this beginning of time for all computers. So it's great because we have this one point of reference for all computers to figure out the time. So we're at least consistent. And the way that we do this is first we import the time module by having this import time code right there. So that's the time module. After that, we call this global time object and then call the time function on that. And what that does is it's going to return us the number of seconds that have passed since time began. So since that 1970 time period. And it's a float value. So it's very precise. And what we can do with this is we can use it to profile our code. In other words, we can measure how long a piece of code takes to run. And I'll show you a bit of code snippet to see what that looks like. So here, I have a piece of code that imports our time. And then in the beginning, I'm going to save some product variable equals to one. And the whole purpose of this is I just want to execute some code that's going to take a lot of time and show you that we can grab the start time and end time and then figure out the difference between them. So the first thing we do is we grab the current time in seconds with this line of code. And we save that into start time. Then this piece of code just does some really long computation. It takes quite a bit of time. And then after that, we grab the current time after the code is executed. So we'll notice we call it time.time again and then save that into our end time variable. So then all we have to do after that is we take the end time subtracted by the start time and we can figure out the difference between them. So that's where this last print statement is saying. It says it took percent as seconds to calculate this calculation. So just as a reminder of the string formatting, this percent as you can think of that as a variable for a string. And that variable is going to be replaced by this expression over here. So when we take end time minus start time, that produces some value and that value is going to be placed into this percent as variable. And then this one doesn't quite matter, but this just tells us how many digits are in the product value that we create here. So I'll pop over to the code and just quickly show you what this looks like. All right. So we have this code at the very top here. Let's comment this out for now. So this is pretty much the same code that we had in the slide. So we import our time module. I'm setting my initial product to one, setting the start time to my current time in seconds. And then we do some complicated math operation here. It doesn't really matter. All we want to do is just take some time here. After we do that operation, we calculate or we figure out the end time as well. So let me just run this right click this and then run time test. And you see it paused for a second because it's taking a long time to multiply all the numbers. So in the first print statement, I'm just saying that I want to grab my product value, which did a whole bunch of multiplications. And then because this is a float value, I'm turning into a string first. So I'm casting that product double into a string. And then I want to find out the length or the number of digits in that string. And it's just saying that there's 77,333 digits in the string. So it's a really big number. And then the most important thing for this specific example is you can determine or profile how long this operation took by taking the end time subtracting by the start time. And we get that took this amount of time to perform the operation. And just for fun, let's also print out what the start and end times are. Just so you can see that what these values are in seconds. So you can see here that it's just like a giant number. And what doesn't make sense, but this is just saying that this is the number of seconds that have passed since 1970 at midnight, January 1st 1970 at midnight. And then this is the start number seconds and end number seconds. So when you subtract these two numbers, then you get this number.