 So hopefully by now you understand the concept or the idea of how the Singleton pattern works and what it's trying to do. And the example I showed you previously is great just to show you the concept of what a Singleton is. But it might not be a very useful example. We probably don't often want to have an object that just sums up a number and keeps track of it. So I want to give you a real world example of where you would use a Singleton pattern. So personally for me I use the Singleton pattern in almost all my games, if not all my games. And I use it for multiple cases but I want to show you a specific example. And that's for game screen management in my games. So often times games have multiple screens and a screen is just an overlay that shows some information. So for instance a game has a start screen, a like a main menu, a gameplay, gameplay UI screen where it shows the health bars, the timers, a game over screen that shows you your high score or a store screen where you can buy objects. So there's tons of different screens in games. And these different screens must be able to be called to display information at various places in your code. So for instance you might have a class that has the store logic and that store logic class wants to show a screen at some point. Or in your gameplay logic, when that gameplay loop starts it'll want to bring up the start screen. And you might have some settings logic somewhere else that wants to show your settings screen. So you have different areas all over your system that want to call a central source to display a specific screen on demand. So my design question that I want to answer is I need a central place to call so I can load a specific screen on demand. And we want to do this in a way where our code isn't tightly coupled with anything. This is where the singleton pattern really shines. So this is a game that I made for iOS called mechanic panic. And in this game, this specifically is my main menu screen. So on this main menu screen, I'm showing a start button here to press that and then the game will start. You have some character customization screen here, some high score screen button here, and then an options button here to access more options. So when my game starts, I have some main menu logic. And in that main menu logic, I want to be able to call some central source to say, I'm in the main menu. I just want you to show the main menu screen. So in my code, I might have an enum to represent my main menu. And then I can send this enum into my what I call my singleton called screen manager. So notice here, it says screen manager dot get instance show main menu. So overall, what this code is just saying is that hey singleton, I want to grab that single instance of my manager that exists. And then please show the main menu screen. And we call it using the enum. Same idea is that when I finally enter the main gameplay loop, I'm going to show a different type of screen. So in this screen, I have some numbers showing my high score, pause menu button, and then some objective information. So here, it's a different type of screen. So if I'm in the gameplay logic, then I want to send information to that screen manager, the hey screen manager, I'm in the gameplay loop right now. Please show the gameplay screen. So again, I have a separate gameplay enum. And I call my singleton screen manager get instance to show. The gameplay screen. And I'm representing the gameplay screen through this enum parameter that I'm passing in. And one final example is I'm in the game over screen here. So the game over screen, I'm showing some high scores. I got some challenge or friend and then option to restart the game. So same idea here, I'm in the game over screen or game over logic. And I want to show a game over screen. So I take the game over enum, pass that to my singleton. And then the singleton itself will have the logic to push the the game over screen and show it. So I want to show you a simple, very, very simplified version of this screen manager using the singleton pattern.