 The next is the container protocol. This lets us determine if an element exists inside of our custom object. The way we do it is we override our containsDunder method. By doing this and then passing in the item that we're looking for, we write our custom code to figure out if this item exists inside of our custom object. And by doing that, we enable the ability to use the in or not in operations on our object. So let's check out some code and how we do it for our custom class. So we're going to expand our previous code. So this is the same team class that we had before. Notice we still have the name and our list of members. We still have our two string method, our size protocol. We're still here. Now we're going to be implementing the container protocol. So here we do that by overriding the dunder, contains dunder method. And then in this case, the signature of this needs to have self and then the element that we're looking for. So this is going to be I guess the team member that we're trying to find in our team. And we write in here our custom code that's going to figure out if this item exists in our members list. So here's just our custom logic. So first we set a Boolean to be false and then we have a for loop. So we're seeing that for every person in our self.members list, we want to see if this item matches one of the people in our list. So if item is equivalent to the name of the person in our list, then found is equal to true. And then we break out of the for loop. And then finally, we just return found. So if we found, if we properly found our team member, then this will return true. If we did not find the team member, it's going to return the default false. So let's check out what this looks like altogether. Okay, so this is the first part. We've seen this one already. We have we create our X-Men team. We're pinching them out. We're using the size protocol to see how large or how many members are in our X-Men team, which is four. And then now by implementing this contains protocol, we can use the in or not in functionality on it. So here we're just seeing is Cyclops part of the X-Men team. And then over here, we are just seeing if the string Cyclops exists in our X-Men custom object. And if we just look over here, we see that yes Cyclops does exist. So let's just run this and see it does say true. And let's change this a little bit. Let's say does Jeff exist. So you don't need this first part, just you know, this is just for nice string formatting. The most important part is here to say whether it's true or false. So if we see does Jeff exist, we know Jeff does not exist in the X-Men, and we should did, we should superpowers. But so you see here, it correctly determines that false, Jeff does not exist in the X-Men. And just to show you the the opposite, by writing the contains protocol, you can use the not in as well. So not is just like the exclamation mark, if you're familiar with other languages, it's just flipping. So not in also works as well. So let's just see if Jeff is not part of the X-Men, just to make sure that the printout is correct, then this is correct. It's Jeff not part of the X-Men, that is true. So that's how you write the container protocol.