 In this example, I'm going through how we create our own custom exception classes. Here I have my invalid character error class, and I'm creating my own exception by inheriting from the Python exception class. Then we mentioned earlier in the slides that you can create your own optional initializer with your own custom messages. In this case for my initializer, I want to be able to store an invalid character. I should probably go over what the whole program is all about. The purpose of this program is I want to be able to determine if, when I create a character, that it doesn't contain any invalid characters. In this character class, I have a bunch of invalid characters. All it does is there's a for loop that's going to check if this character's name has any of these invalid characters in their name. If it does happen to have these invalid characters, then it's going to throw the invalid character exception. I'm going to pass in the actual character that was invalid. That's where this character is. This invalid character is the invalid character that I want to display. Then in the optional initializer, I'm saying that I want to show a nice error message. To do that, I'm just going to call super, which is my exception parent class. Then call its initializer and then pass in some error message I want to display. In this case, it's going to save this error. Then after that, I'm going to save the invalid character that I'm passed in into my member variable. You can think of this custom exception as just a container that holds the invalid character that calls the issue, as well as a way for me to save a error message as for the exception. I already went over the character class. This is to represent a character and a list of invalid characters I don't want to exist in their name. I have some for loop that's going to go through that. If everything is okay, then I'm going to save the name. Then in my main, I'm going to create my character. In this case, I have my tri-clatch block. I'm going to save the name of my character as Zorak the Destroyer. And print a message saying that I'm creating this character. And then I'm going to save the instance of that character into this Zorak variable name. So let's go through a few cases. Let's run this. In this case, this is when everything is fine. There's no character in the string that is invalid. It's going to create this character. And then if everything is fine, we're going to hit the else part of my tri-clatch block. And it's going to say everything is fine. This character was created. And then we always execute the finally block. So it says program execution complete. So let's try introducing a character that's illegal. So let's say the character three is illegal in my name. So I'm just going to go into this invalid characters list and add the three characters. So from now on, the value three is not allowed in a character's name. So if I run this code again, let's see what happens. So we tried to, with the same name, we tried to create the character, which is here. And then when we pass the name into our character class, we go through our for loop. It goes through all the characters. And it realizes that, wait a minute, the three character exists within our list. And as a result, let's pass the three character. So I has a value of three to indicate that it's an invalid character. So it's going to pass the character three into my invalid character exception type. So then if we go there, this invalid character is the character three. It's saved into invalid character here. So self-taught invalid character has the character three in there. So then let's go back down to the main. And then in our accept block, we capture the invalid character exception as the variable E. We print out E. So when we print out E, what that means is it just prints out the error message that we sent to the initializer of a parent. So it prints out this message that we pass back to our parent, which is our exception super class, which is this one here. So we go back down. We are printing out the error message, which is right here. And then just like any other class, we can access variables. So here I'm accessing the invalid character that I saved in my invalid character error class. And that was the character three. So we print out invalid character is the character three. And then in this case, because we did throw an exception, we don't execute this else block. But we do execute the finally block. So that's how you end up finishing here. So hopefully this explains to you how we can create our own custom exception classes.