 So on the previous slide, I already mentioned that we're going to talk about four specific design patterns over here. And it's a lot of patterns, but I want you to keep one specific thing in mind. All the four patterns that we're going to talk about today are based on this concept of a wrapper. And what is a wrapper? A wrapper is just a class that wraps around another class. So in other words, the wrapper has the same interface as the object you're wrapping around or the wrapper. And when I say interface, I mean the interface in the object or into programming sense, where the wrapper has the same public methods and attributes as the wrapper. And we can implement this using an abstract base class or leave it informal with duck typing. And the idea is that any call that we make to the wrapper will eventually call the wrapy or wrapped object, but with potentially additional functionality. So that might sound confusing, but hopefully this UML diagram will clarify it a little bit. So here's what the UML diagram for a wrapper looks like. So both the wrapper and wrapy share a common interface up here. So this is our abstract base class. And you'll have some properties and some methods. And then your wrapper here is just another object that's going to inherit from the interface. And then the wrapy or the object that you're wrapping around is also implementing the same interface. The key difference is the wrapper contains an instance of the wrapy. So in other words, there is an instance of wrapy inside of the wrapper. And what this allows us to do is that the client will only ever use the wrapper. So when we call any functions within the wrapper, it's just going to forward all those calls into the wrapy, but with some additional functionality. So let's look at an example. In this system, I'm trying to represent a student and a procrastinating student. And the only difference between the two is that a procrastinating student will procrastinate before they study. So here our student is the wrapy object. So this this class over here is the object that I'm going to wrap around eventually. And then the procrastinating student is a wrapper. So it's going to have an instance of student inside of it. So you see right here as a property, we have the student inside of our procrastinating class. So anytime I call a function inside of here, so study or procrastinate, these calls will eventually be forwarded to the student. So let's say our client calls the procrastinating student's study function or method. This study method will do some code and then it's going to eventually call the student to also call the study method. Same thing for the procrastinate function. Our client will call the procrastinate function. And then it's going to forward that call to the procrastinate method inside of the student. And just like the diagram before, both of these classes are going to implement all the methods defined in the student interface up here. So let's look at example in the code. So here is my procrastinating student code. And let me just try to have the diagrams upside by side. So hopefully it'll be easier to see. So like that, I like this. Okay, so the first thing that I'm going to implement is the top level student interface. So over here, well, actually in this case, because we're in Python. So what I could have done is I could have actually made an abstract student student interface, ABC, ABC bus. And of course, at the import ABC, DC like that. And then I would have all the methods that we have in here. So in this case, I have these methods. And this will be at strict method and ABC abstract method. So if I was following my class diagram, exactly as we show here in this version right here, then yes, I would have a student interface here to map up with this one right here. But because this is Python and there is the concept of duct typing, I can actually not write the student interface and the behaviors the same. So hopefully that makes sense to you where if I again, if I wanted to completely exactly match the email diagram, I would have a student interface as my top level interface up here. And then I'd have a student class and procrastinating student. But to leverage the fact that Python doesn't require an abstract base class when we're using duct typing, then we can do it like this. But both versions work. But anyways, I guess just for clarity, since this is the first time we've seen a wrapper, I'm going to leave this here. And the idea is the student is going to inherit from my student interface like that. And then my procrastinating student also inherits from the student interface. Okay, let's do this. So we have completely written our student interface right here. And I'm just missing the string method here. Just like that. Okay, so first thing we do is let's implement that first student interface, which we have right here. And the next thing we have to do for a wrapper is you want to implement our concrete classes. So we're going to begin by implementing our student class right here. And you see that our student class has all these properties. And it also overrides these abstract methods right here. So then inside of my student class, we see we have her name, age, school, knowledge, and happiness. We have right here. And then we have the actual methods to do some behavior. So when we study, then we're going to print out a message that I'm studying that my knowledge increases and my happiness decreases a bit. Because when we study in this system, at least I get a little bit less happy. But to regain happiness, I'm going to procrastinate. So then in my procrastinate method, it's going to print out that I'm procrastinating and that my happiness increases. And then we also have a little helper string method, just to print out the information about the specific student, all the information. So again, the student is supposed to be the rapi or object that we're eventually going to wrap around. And then further down, we have our procrastinating student. So that's this one over here. And how this class is different is that it's going to take an instance of student inside of it. So you see in its initializer, I'm not actually taking in the same data as the student class. So the student class took in the name, age and school, but in this case, because this is the rapper, it's going to wrap around a student. So that's why it's going to take a student as a parameter and then just assign it to a student property. So this shows you that this rapper class itself doesn't actually have the data. It just has the object that has a data inside of it. So then when we call the study method, notice that the rapper class itself doesn't do any study logic on its own. All it does is it's going to forward any study calls into the student. So here we're just calling the student object inside of us to study. And the key point of this rapper concept is that we're going to have the same methods as the object that we're wrapping around. But in addition to that, we have the ability to add new functionality on top of it. So in this case for the procrastinating student, the new functionality that I'm adding is that every time we call the study method, we're also going to call the procrastinate method. So see here, this is the extra functionality that we're adding. So for procrastinating student, every time we study, they're going to procrastinate first and then they're going to call the student object inside of it to study. As for the procrastinate method itself, we're not going to add any new functionality. And that's perfectly fine. In this case, we're just going to forward the call to procrastinate to the student to directly procrastinate. And then when we want to print out the string method, again, we're just going to forward that call to the student to print out their string method. So hopefully that makes sense. Notice that the wrapper itself doesn't have much code. It just adds whatever new code it needs to add additional functionality. So let's see how it can bring all this together in the main. What I'm going to do overall is I'm going to create a new student. And for this new student, I'm going to ask the question, is this a student who procrastinates or is it not in it? If I press yes, then I'm going to wrap my student with a procrastinating decorator or procrastinating wrapper. Otherwise, I'm not going to wrap it. So here, I'm just deciding whether I wanted to create a procrastinating student or not. And then that'll set my choice to true or false. And then here, I create a regular student object. So here you see that I have a Jeff student who is 99 years old and goes to BCIT. And then depending on the choice, if I'm creating a procrastinating student or not, if it's true, then I'm going to pass my student into a new procrastinating student wrapper. So this is my wrapper here. And it's going to pass the actual student object into it. And then afterwards, I'm just going to call study. And the cool thing here is when I call study at this point in the code, I don't know if I'm calling study on a procrastinating student or I'm calling study on a regular student. But depending on if I wrap it or not, the effects will be different. So let's try it out. So I'm going to run this code. And then first, let's just say that I'm not creating a procrastinating student. So I'm going to press end and then enter. So then what happens here is that if I run through the code, I entered end. So the choice is false. I create a student. And then because this choice is false, I do not execute this line of code. So when we hit this line of code, we see that we're just going to directly call the study method in a student object. So then this study method is actually calling the student version of study right there. So I bring this up. Notice that it's the student at the very top. So when we call study on the student object, all it does is a printout studying and a print out the knowledge and happiness data. And if I run this again, in this case, let's say I do want to create a procrastinating student. So I'm going to hit yes and enter. So let's follow through what happens. So in this case, when I hit yes, my choice is going to be equal to true. So I create a regular student first. And then because my choice was true, I'm going to execute this line of code. And what happens here is I'm going to pass the student object that I created. As an argument into the procrastinating student decorator. And if I go to that code, notice that in my procrastinating student decorator, I get passed in the student object and it's saved into this member variable right here. So that's all good. So now that this procrastinating student decorator is then assigned to student. At this point, this is this student variable is not a regular student. It's going to be a procrastinating student decorator that's wrapping around a regular student. So when we call study on this on the student variable, what happens is we're actually calling study on the procrastinating student decorator. So it's going to call the study method. Inside of our procrastinating student. And then what happens there is that in the study method, first thing we do is we're going to automatically procrastinate. So you see that in the procrastinate method, what happens is it just prints out on procrastinating. So you see the printout on procrastinating. And then the second thing we do is we call self thought student study. So then in the study method, it prints out I'm studying. So you see we have printout I'm studying. Yeah, so hopefully that explains in detail how a wrapper works. This concept of a wrapper works. And it's critical that we understand how the wrapper works for the lecture today because every single design pattern is using this wrapper concept. And I'll keep referring to this wrapper concept as we're going along. So let me just pop back to the slides and then finish off this last little bit. All right. So what we just saw is this first line is I've just shown you the basic version of a wrapper where we can wrap a base component in a wrapper to add extra behavior or functionality. So what we did in the previous example is we wrapped around a student, which is the base component with a wrapper, which was the procrastinating student to add the extra behavior. And the extra behavior that we added was we procrastinated every time before we studied. And the cool thing is that we can actually keep extending this. So we saw one level of wrapping. We had a procrastinating student that wraps around a student, but we can actually wrap the wrapper in another wrapper to add even more functionality. So let's say I make a super procrastinating student. So I'll have a super procrastinating wrapper that wraps around a procrastinating student wrapper that wraps around the student base object. And this can go on forever. So that's what this last point is saying. This continuous wrapping can go on infinitely. So you can keep adding more and more behavior as much as you want. And in fact, later on today when we talk about the decorator design pattern, this is exactly what it does.