 Let's begin with a single responsibility principle. First, I want to introduce the problem for you before we get into what the solution is. Let's say we had a system where a user can write and create forum posts. This is what our system looks like. We have a class user, a class my database, and a class called post, so post being the actual forum post. In this scenario, how we've structured it is we have one central user class, we represent over here. In this user class, we have our initializer that takes an username, password, name, and email, and then we set that data into our user. Then we also create a database within our user, that I guess our user needs to access our database. Then also within our user class, we have a post to form function or method. This is where we actually create a new post object, and then pass that post into our database to create a post. The question is, why is this code bad? Hopefully you see maybe some things. The main thing is that the user class is very coupled and dependent. It carries out multiple roles and responsibilities. When we change any part of this system, it's probably got to cause a change in the user class as well. We're going to break down what I'm talking about in this section. First of all, let's check out the user class and explain what's happening, or the different roles that is taking part of. The first role that the user class is trying to be is a user, which is a good thing. It should represent a user, meaning it contains the raw data for what it means to be a user. We have our username, password, name, and email. I actually think this part is good. But the user class is not only being a user, but it's also having to worry about creating a database. So notice here in this bold code, it's also creating a database as part of this user class. And not only that, it also has a responsibility to post to a form. So we also have this function over here that creates our post object and then passes it to our database. So hopefully you notice already that our user class has three separate roles. And when we create our classes or even functions, they should only focus on doing one single thing. And in this case, our user class should really focus on only being a user, meaning it should only focus on having data attributes to represent a user. And this is exactly what the single responsibility principle is all about. The single responsibility principle requires that each class is responsible for only one thing. And the way that we can try to kind of think about this is when you create your classes, you have to ask yourself, if there's any changes in your class, are there multiple reasons to change my class if these changes occur? And there should, typically you should answer yourself that there should only be one reason to change your class if any changes occur. And each class should have only one, should have one and only one responsibility. So that's why it's called the single responsibility principle. Each entity should only have a single responsibility that it's doing. So let's look at the solution to this problem. And in this case, we still have our user class, post class and my database, but now we've introduced a new post writer class. And the idea here is that the user shouldn't be responsible for creating the post itself. It should only focus on being a user. And then the responsibility of actually writing a post and maybe querying that database is put into our post writer class. So let's just look at the little bit of code snippet here. In our user class, notice that it's much cleaner now. All it has is the data or the code to set our user's data. So username, password, name, and email. And then if we look at the post writer class, it's the post writer's class to actually bring all these different components together to actually make a post. So in its initializer, that's where we're going to create an instance of our database or at least get a reference to a database. And then you have a method, which is our post to form, that takes in a user, the message, and a subject. And then it combines those elements into a specific post and then post that post into a database. And we don't actually expire. And we're przep insect-달 saved in order for all these