 Next we have ranges. This is pretty much a way for us to generate a Series a sequence of numbers and we've seen this before in some examples But the purpose of these slides is just to do a bit more of a deep dive into A little bit more information about them. So you've seen things like this where we want to create a list of numbers And you see we do that by calling the list initializer and then when we do that Let's say we want to create a list of numbers from 0 to 9 and the way we do that is we call the range function And in this case, we just pass in a single number and that's saying that I want to generate numbers from 0 up to But not including this number. So see our result is we get the number 0 all the way through 9 When you create your ranges you can also specify a starting value as well as an end value So let's say I want to generate a range of numbers beginning at 1 up to But not including 11 so there We see we have generated a list here from 1 through 10 and then just like slicing You can also specify the steps in which you want a number to be generated So this is saying that I want to generate numbers from 0 and then create a number every fifth step Up to the 9, including 30. So here we see 0 5 and then every 5 Numbers ahead would generate another number. So 0 5 10 15 20 and then 25 So hopefully you see at this point there is this relationship between the The parameters that we passing in for the range. This is like the start value and value and then the step value And this will generate this different numbers depending on the parameters that we pass And so this one's a little bit strange because we're generating generating a range of numbers in reverse In other words, we're going in the negative direction. So here we're starting our range from 0 to negative 10 and we're stepping backwards negative one steps So we start from 0 and you see all goes all the way to negative 9 and This one also might seem a little bit weird a little bit weird But it's just to show you that you can do this where we're generating a range of numbers that's pretty much to 0 in other words you create an empty list and Just in case you want to do something like this if you ever decide to create a range of numbers that goes in the reverse direction from a large number to a small number that might result in An a situation that you might not expect so notice here when we go from 5 to 0 It actually results in an empty list Whereas we might expect this one to instead to generate a list of numbers from 5 4 3 2 1 and Then backwards. So if you did want to do that you'd have to add the extra third parameter here You have to explicitly say I want to begin at 5 and at 0 and actually step backwards negative 1 So all that being said what is a range actually and all the range is it's an object that represents an immutable sequence of numbers and We commonly use it for looping through a for loop and as you've seen that there are three possible parameters That you can pass into a range you have you start value the stop value and then your step value and the cool thing is that no matter How big your range is that range object will only ever actually store Three these three possible values so these three values in other words when you create a range object It doesn't actually store all the individual numbers So if I step back to this range for instance when we create this range object right here Internally in that object it doesn't actually generate all these 10 numbers and then save it in memory in that range object. It only ever stores these three numbers So what that means is that the range object itself is highly Memory efficient since you don't actually have to store all the individual numbers The range data type can definitely generate numbers But it can actually call a bunch of different functions on it as well So let's check out this example here. We have our range function that's going to be Starting at zero going up to 20 and then generating every second number and we're saving that range object into the variable R So if we print out R we know that it's a range object So we this is the printout that we get and if we print out the type of our range object It'll specifically tell us that we have the range type and this this part here is just proving to us that when we print out our range object It doesn't actually contain all the numbers in that range in it. It's super efficient So it only contains the three values in it and in this green text I'm just saying for for our purposes for reference purposes that if the range were to generate numbers It would generate the sequence of numbers in the end So some useful functions that you can perform on your range object are the following So you can you can figure out if a number exists in your range even though it doesn't generate it right away So here we're saying that does the number 10 exist in our range R and We if we look at this list we see that yes the number 10 does exist. So this would print out true This one it's specifically asking does or yet does the number 10 exists and if it exists Which index does it exist at so in this case if we're looking at this Range we see the number 10 does exist. Yes, but what index is it? So this is index zero one two three four five So if we print this one out it's gonna print out that The number 10 exists at index five. So it print out five Here even though once again our range hasn't generated the numbers yet you can definitely Call the slicing operation on it. So this is saying I want to get the numbers starting from index two Up to but not including index five So if we look here we have index two is zero one two. So index two is here and Then index five three four five is here. So that means we get these values four six and eight And that's what's gonna be printed out by this line and then finally negative one Ranges also support the negative index and just as a reminder whenever you have a negative index for a list or range That just means we start at the end of our List or range and we go backwards. So when we see a negative one it just means that we get this element here Which happens to be 18? So let's look at some more examples So we still have the same range if we print out our range We see we have the range object here. We're just checking if the number 11 exists in our range in this case It'll return false if Here we're checking if the number 10 exists in R We saw before that yes, it does exist so returns true Here we're just checking to see what index does the number 10 exists at here It says it exists at index five and then we can prove that by saying all right Let's access the number at index five. So R with the swear brackets Let's access the number index five and here prints out 10 and then over here. We're saying that we want to get a Slice of the numbers beginning at the beginning of our range all the way to Index five but not including index five. So in this case we happen to get these Numbers right here and then we saw earlier that if you want to get the last value in our range We use negative one. So again, here's our reference down here. We get 18 and then just to reinforce this one If you want to get all the numbers from the beginning up to but not including index five then we get zero index two index three and x four Not including no zero one two three four. Yeah, this is the fifth index So yes, we do get the value zero two four six and eight right here Okay, so some Some other things you can do on it you can definitely use the min and max functions on your ranges as well So here we're creating a range of numbers beginning at one up to not including to 11 If we print out digits, you'll see once again that digits is a range object if you want to get the maximum Number from our range. We just call the max function and then passing our digits range and then we'll give us number 10 If I get the minimum number it'll return one and you can even call this some function So that'll add up all the numbers in your range and then give you the result at the end. So here we get 55 Down here. We're doing something a little different here. We're just creating a list Based off of the string. So if you recall that's going to create a list that has every single character as a separate Element in our list and then we're saving that into letters and my question here is can we do this operation? Can we call this some function on our letters list maybe try it out and then come back But in this case, this will actually produce an error Just a fun fact because the sum function only works on numbers Okay, so just a few more examples just to hammer these Concepts home maybe just try these out yourself and just at first glance this looks like it's creating a range from one Up to 10 not including 10 This is creating numbers from zero Up to not including 10 and then generating every second number This one looks like it's generating a range in reverse from 10 all the way to non-coding zero Here, this is the tricky one where if you try to create a range of zero, you'll just produce an empty list and then this one same idea Starting from from a bigger number to zero. It'll also produce an empty list. So This is pretty much exactly what we explained. So one to 10 goes from one to nine range zero to 10 every Second number gives us what we expect every second number is generated Here we're going backwards from 10 to zero. So we go 10 8 6 4 2 and not including zero And then we mentioned earlier both of these would produce an empty list and just so you know once again If I go back to my slides If you do it something like this this would also generate an empty list and then if you wanted to actually create a list of numbers Going backwards we have to do something like this Then this would generate five four three two one