 So the final set of design patterns is the createional design patterns. These are the singleton, factory, abstract factory, builder, and lazy initialization. So the reason I put lazy initialization in the stars is that personally, I don't really consider it a creation of design pattern because it's so simple, but technically it is focused on creating, creating objects. So again, the whole purpose of this style of, or this category of design patterns is that they are focused on how do we create objects and instantiate them in different ways. So the first is the singleton design pattern. Probably the easiest and simplest design pattern there is. In this case, the whole point of this is we want to have a pattern that allows us to create one instance of an object and only ever one instance. And in addition to that, we want this one instance to be excessively globally. So anywhere in the code, you can access this one instance of your object. So whenever you have a situation in your code where you want one global object that's always available and you only ever have one instance of that global object, then you want to use the singleton design pattern. So the example I give is imagine a save system in a game. Many places in the games need to access a save system. So maybe you're in the character creator or you completed a level or you're going to do a high score. All these different scenarios and places need to get access to a save system. So by having one global object that's responsible for saving and having all these components that can easily access it, it reduces the coupling and makes it super easy to call that one object. Then there's a factory. So I'm sure you're all very familiar with factory so far because we've done different labs and assignments on it. But the whole idea about this pattern is you want to actually separate the creation code from your client code. So whenever you want a client or service to only depend on a base class for object creation and not the concrete class. So what I mean by that is that out here in your code, your client code, you don't actually want to directly instantiate your concrete product A. Because that means that your client has direct knowledge of your product, product A and product B. Ideally, you would want your client to have knowledge of this abstract product instead. And then the way that we actually create a product is via this factory. So in this case, we're actually to call our factory to create a specific product for us instead of us creating the product manually ourselves. So in this code, little snippet, what's actually happening is that this client is going to call this create product function. And then inside of that create product function, it's going to access the factory to create the product for us. So this product that we get back, we don't know if it's product A or B and we don't really care either. We just know that we need to get a product and we want to call some code to do something on it. So an example I want to give you is that imagine that you have a client which is a forum that needs to access different types of users. It doesn't care what the users are, whether they're guest users or actual members. But we just want to call some action on that user. So then that forum is just going to have some menu that's going to call a factory that the factory itself has a bunch of concrete factories that are going to create a concrete guest user or a concrete member user for us. Then there is the abstract factory. So all this is is a much more expanded version of the previous factory pattern. So in this case, instead of each factory creating a single product, we have different types of factories that create different families of products. So notice that we have an abstract factory. We have a concrete factory one, concrete factory two. And each of them all create different types of products of different families. So this is creating product A. That's also creating product A a different variation on it. And I'm sure you all can remember from our assignment, we had one factory that was like a Christmas factory, one factory that was a Halloween factory. And then that each product that it creates, it's the same type of product. It's like a stuffed animal or some candy. But because they're in different factories, like theme factories, we're creating a Halloween themed stuffed animal or Halloween themed candy. Whereas down here, this might be the Christmas factory. It's Christmas themed stuffed animal Christmas themed candy. So yeah, it's just this version is just a more evolved version of the factory where we can create different families of products. Same idea though, where we want the client to not directly instantiate all the different products itself. It wants to rely on the factory to create the products for it. Then you have to build a pattern. So in this case, I know the diagram seems kind of complicated. But the whole idea about this pattern is that if we think about a regular object, when we instantiate an object, there's always a initializer in the object. And then we have the rest of our code. So the purpose of this pattern is it's saying that if we have an initializer, that's very complicated. It takes, let's say, 10 parameters to pass into the initializer. Let's actually separate out that initializer object to a separate class instead of relying on the class itself to know how to build it. So relying on a builder object to have the knowledge about how to build a specific product. So product in this case is the normal object that we would initially normally construct with an initializer. But instead, let's rip out the initializer from the product one. And let's put all the individual steps for how to initialize it into this, into all these different functions instead. So the purpose of this concrete builder is only to build this product. And whereas this builder too, its responsibility is only to build this other type of product. And then kind of expanding on that is that it's looking at these functions. You can see it's quite a few steps to build a specific object. So imagine that you have a client up here that just wants the simplest possible interface you can give it to create a specific product. So there, we introduced this concept of a director. So what a director is, is that given a specific builder, it just hides the complexity of making an object from the client. So what the client does is it creates a director, and it just calls the director to make a product. And then in this director's make function, this make function itself has all the complicated logic to know which of these functions to call and in what order or what sequence to actually make the product. And then finally, the client will then get the results from the builder and it has its final product. So the example I gave you that I'm going to go through in another video is we're creating different types of pizzas. And the client doesn't want to manually specify all the ingredients for its pizza. He just wants to order a Hawaiian pizza, a pepperoni pizza, a supreme pizza. And then the menu will know what specific toppings are needed by the builder to actually create these specific types of pizza. So refer to the builder demo code, demo code video for that one. And then the final creation design pattern, that, again, it's so simple that I don't really consider a design pattern is the lazy initialization. So the whole purpose of this one is that we want to initialize an object at the latest possible time. So only when it's the last possible moment that is needed. And we want to do this is because we want to preserve the simplicity of the usage and improve performance, meaning that if you don't need an object, why bother using the resources to make it? And the example I want to give is that in any application, there's lots of screens. And if a program never needs to actually load a screen, like if a user never accesses the screen, then why bother using up the resources and processing time to actually initialize that screen? So lazy initialization is where this comes in, where we don't initialize that screen and don't have code to initialize it until we actually need it. And another example of this is that in a singleton pattern, oftentimes if you don't need to use a singleton, then the singleton itself is never initialized. So lazy initialization is often used in the singleton pattern. And I guess the simplest class diagram that I can give, in this case, is you have a client that eventually possibly wants to access this core object. And then the client will access the service. And then if the client never actually calls this access core function, the client or then the service will never actually instantiate this core object. And I'll go through a very, very simple demo in another video. So that brings us to the end. We've gone through all the different design patterns. And I just want to summarize this all with the slides saying that we've learned a ton of design patterns in this course. And that's great, but what have actually used in practice? So oftentimes in my games, I definitely have used a lot of these. My favorite by far is a singleton design pattern, because you have this one global object that everything can access. And it's super easy. It's very lightly coupled or very lightly dependent, not highly coupled at all. The downside is because it's a global object, everything can access it. So it's very easy to impuse. So I generally use this pattern only for large kind of manager style objects, where they manage save systems, or a screen manager, or something. I don't use it for passing around. That's the individual units of an army. Let's say that would be terrible, terrible program practice. I only use singleton for large controller and manager based objects. Observer, definitely a great design pattern as well. Oftentimes in games, I need to broadcast information out to a whole bunch of different sources. And the Azure pattern allows me to have an object that doesn't know about what it's broadcasting to. And it just kind of knows about the abstract concept of what it needs to broadcast to just tells information. And anything that wants to listen, will then subscribe to that object. Leasing initialization definitely uses one as well. More so that it's baked into the singleton design pattern. And it's a great way to save performance and not initialize everything and once. I've also used this for an example I gave, but when you have screens that you don't want to initialize right away. Just to save on resources. Factory method. I would say I use the factory, the abstract factory pattern so much, but the factory method itself I've used a lot. Or I have a static class that it only has a single method where its only job is to instantiate specific objects. And the finally bridge. Chances are I've used the bridge without knowing it to be honest. I wasn't specifically going into my application saying I'm going to use the bridge pattern. It's more so that I just wrote my code in a way that, hey, I guess this is a bridge after all. It just turned out to be the bridge pattern. So that's it for this review. And that's it for the actual material for the course. And I'm so happy that we went through this class together and hopefully you feel much more comfortable with design patterns.