 So to finish things off, let's look at an example of a real wood scenario where we might want to use the Decreta design pattern. So let's say we want to create a notification system. When something happens, we want to be able to notify people, let's say via email. So in this case, we have an application and in this application, we have some generic notification or notifier object. And then we initially set our notifier and then when something happens, we call this do something function. And in this do something function, it'll call our notifier to send a specific alert. And that's the message. And then for this notifier object, we call that function and then pass along that alert message. And then over time, we realize that this simple notifier class isn't enough to do what we want to do. Maybe we want to send notifications over different types of channels like SMS, Facebook or Slack. So the first thing we think of is that we'll take that existing notifier class and then let's extend it. So we have a notifier class and we extend it to have SMS, notifier, Facebook and Slack, notifier as well. So, you know, we've seen this kind of diagram before where what if we want to not just send a single notification, but we want different combinations and notifications. So person A might want to get a Facebook and SMS notification. Person B might want to receive email and Slack notifications and person C might want to receive them all. So we've seen this already where this inheritance hierarchy can get really complicated. If you want to have all the different combinations and notifications in subclasses. So you see that all these subclasses have different combinations and numbers of notifications attached to them. So here's where we use our decorator pattern where we define each channel or type of way that we can send a message to SMS, Facebook and Slack. How about we make that a decorator and then this decorator will then wrap around a notifier object. So we'll take this notifier, make that as a component instead, and then all the Facebook, SMS and Slack are decorators instead. So that's the class diagram looks like this. We have a notifier generic interface and then our concrete notifier will be inheriting from that one. And then as usual, our base decorator has to inherit from our component notifier interface as well. And then afterwards, each of our actual different ways of notifying people for Slack, SMS and Facebook are our decorators. So then we can create some base notifier object and then whoever wants any kind of notification, we're going to decorate that concrete notifier with these specific decorators. And then this diagram over here is just to show you that this version over here is just conforming to our kind of generic template version of our decorator design pattern. So again, the key point of this pattern is that this base notifier has a pointer or reference back to the original interface up there. So by using our decorator pattern like this, we get to avoid that huge mess where we have a whole bunch of different subclasses. That allow us to create all the different combinations of notifications. So to summarize, some of the advantages of the decorator pattern is that it adheres to the single responsibility principle, meaning that each decorator is responsible for one specific thing. Adheres to the open close principle where each other concrete components is closed for modification. So once you create a component, we don't ever have to go back to it to modify it. We just want to extend or add new subclasses components to add more behavior and same idea for decorators. If you want to create a new decorator, we just extend the decorator class and create a new type. We allow for multiple combinations and behaviors without needing for multiple inheritance. And along with this, we avoid directly subclassing from the concrete component itself. And probably one of the biggest components of this or benefits of this is that we can add or remove responsibilities at runtime. And some disadvantages is that after you've added all these different decorators to your component, it can be difficult to remove or access the original concrete object or a specific wrapper that you want in this whole stack of wrappers. And if you recall from our Donut example, our initial interface had to have that get description function. And then every single class that inherits also has to have that same get description function. So having this very strict interface is kind of a negative, but in a way you can kind of see it as good as well. Being restrictive is both good and bad. Third, because you have all these different layers of decorators, it can be really difficult to trace and debug any issues that can occur. And then finally, it's hard to avoid scenarios where the order in which you add decorators might change the behavior of your actual full object. So that's it for decorators. And just as a recap, what we learned today was we learned four total design patterns. We just talked about the decorator. First thing was the proxy, which is a wrapper that lets us control access to a service that has some kind of limitation. The facade, which is a class that pretty much hides the complexity of a complex system and exposes a very simplified interface to our client to use. And then third was the bridge, which lets us separate a large class into maybe two or more related classes where we have different separate class hierarchies, one what we call the abstraction layer and the one that we call the implementation layer.