 Now we're finally going to get into classes and objects. And what these next few slides are all about is we're just going to review the concept of what object-oriented programming is, what are classes, and what are objects. So object-oriented programming is a programming paradigm or way of thinking that allows us to architect our code as a system of separate interacting objects. The lab that we did last week, lab 1, was all about procedural programming. So just calling functions, but no concepts of objects. And in 25-22, you learn that we write classes that represent real-life things. It's a way for us to encapsulate the concept of specific ideas, and these objects themselves have different attributes. And attributes are kind of like properties or different aspects within an object that stores state. There's also behaviors. In other words, these are the actions that you can perform within an object. And these are known as methods. And there's also this concept of instantiating a class. This is our way of creating an actual instance or a concrete version of a class. There are many reasons why we want to use classes and object-oriented programming. The first is it's great for modularization. This means we can break down a larger problem into multiple smaller problems. This makes it easier to understand. And second is it makes it easier to collaborate. Because we have multiple smaller problems, many people can work on. Subproblems and then once they're finished, they can bring all the subproblems together to solve the larger problem. Second is it's great for modeling real-world problems. Third, it encapsulates data and functions. So we hide unnecessary functionality to the outside world. Fourth is that it's very adaptable and flexible through the use of design idioms and patterns. And this is a very big part of the course. And we'll learn about a lot of these later on in the term. And finally, it's compatible with modern software development approaches like agile. Next I want to explain the difference between classes and objects. So imagine that I'm creating or I want to create a bunch of houses. Before I create the concrete houses in the real world, I want to do some planning first. And in this planning phase, I'm going to be creating my house on paper in my blueprint. And then during this planning phase, I'm deciding what properties or attributes my house has. And also I define all the different actions that my house can do. And this is exactly what a class is. A class defines all the attributes and methods, or in other words, all the data members and actions, that my ultimate real world house will be able to do. And that ultimate real world concrete house that I'm going to be creating is known as an object. So as we already mentioned, each of these concrete houses are known as objects. And objects are just an instantiation of a class with its own attributes. So all objects have their own state and behavior. And each object encapsulates data and methods that act on that data. So as you already mentioned, the state of each object is the values of all the different data members or variables within that object at any given time. And these variables are typically an object's private property that lasts its entire lifetime. And whenever we mutate or change the state, that just means that we're changing the values in all of these instance variables within the object. With that technical definition out of the way, let's start creating classes. So first of all, I want to explain the difference between methods versus functions. Functionally, they're the same. They're just a block of code that you can call over and over again to perform some action. But methods are functions that exist within a class. And the purpose is to act on the object that they're in. They want to change its state and work with its attributes. And generally, or I should say all the time, all methods have a first parameter called self. And this self is a reference to the object that it's acting on and it's passing automatically. And these are access through an object, meaning, so you see this all the time in Java, for instance, when you have an object, you have the dot notation, that's calling a method. So some object dot some method name. Compare that to functions. Functions are not object dependent. They're just a piece of code that you can call from anywhere and they don't need the assistance of an object to be called. And they don't accept the self as a parameter. But in the end, they both do something and they should be atomic. Now we're going to look at a first special method inside of our classes. And that's known as the initializer. So we have underscore underscore init underscore underscore self. And let me explain what this is. The easiest way to understand what this special method is is think of the constructor in Java. The constructor in Java is a special method as well. And this is the pretty much equivalent version of it in Python, except that it's called the initializer. And the whole purpose of it is it's a special method that allows us to construct our object with whatever data we pass into it. So it's the first method inside of our class definition. It's executed once when we instantiate a new object. And the way that we write it is with two leading underscores and two trailing underscores. So these two two lines right here. And the reason we have these two lines is every special built in method in a class always has these two underscores here. So it accepts one or more parameters. The first parameter you'll see is self. And self is a special variable that every method call has to have. And you don't have to pass it in explicitly. It's done automatically for you. And the easiest way I can explain what a self is is think of the this variable in Java. Self is pretty much a way for us to reference the original object instance on its own. And the second is if you have any parameters you want to pass into your constructor, you just add them after yourself. So you'll self comma data one comma data to. And the final thing is note that the variables defined in the underscore underscore init method are prefaced with self. And we'll see this one pretty soon. Second is how about instance variables. So the purpose of classes is we need class data variables in it. So how do we create them in Python? We often call them data attributes and we don't define them at the top of our class. Like the Java approach. Instead, the way that we do that is that we declare our variable and assign it as a value inside of the initializer. And then any variable prefaced with self in the initializer is available everywhere else in every method in the class. And if it's not prefaced with self, it's just a local variable. So this will make more sense in the next slide. So let's check out our first class. So when we create a class, we have to have the class keyword right here. And then we have the name of our class. And afterwards we end it with a colon. Then we begin writing all of our different methods. So here we have our initializer. So notice our initializer is a method. So it has to have the D F keyword. Then we have several parameters. First of all, we have the self. So I mentioned earlier that every method in our classes must have the self parameter. This is again, this is a reference back to the actual object that we're instantiating. Then we have the regular parameters that we want to pass into our constructor. So this is the data we want to set for our cat class. And then you might notice something weird. So for our cat class, we actually want class variables. But unlike Java, we don't define them up here. So I'm going to pop out and write some Java code. So normally in Java for the age, I have to go age here, string name and then food graphs, maybe string food press here. Right. That's how I would define some some class data members for my cat class. But we don't do that in Python. In fact, it's done on the spot in line right here, right there. So explain this. So when you want to create data variables for your class, you just write self dot and then the name of your data variables. So in this case, I want self dot age, name, self dot name and self dot food press and these immediately become class variables. So then I just assign the parameters I'm passing in name to name age to age, favorite food to food press. And then that's it. So the way that we can instantiate our cat is this line down here. So we call the name of our cat class right here. So make sure the cat here matches the name of our class right there. And then we pass in these three parameters for our cat class. So the name of our class or the name of our cat is Tobias. It's age three. And then here we're passing in a list as their favorite food parameter right here. So if I pop over here, this is how we're passing in all of our different parameters. So you're probably noticed that we're not actually passing in the self parameter. And that's perfectly fine. In fact, this self parameter is passed in explicitly or implicitly. Sorry. So when we create our cat object, that object itself is automatically passed in as a self. This is a way again to reference the data objects or create data objects in our self class. And then once that initializer call is done, then we have an object that we assign into the Tobias variable over here. So all these notes are just kind of mentioning what I just talked about. For the self parameter, all class methods need a self parameter, but it's not explicitly passed in as a parameter when calling any methods or instant cheating. And notice that we didn't actually define age, name, and food prefs in the class variables above the init. So we didn't do the Java style where we wrote our age, name, and food prefs up here. We're doing it right in our initializer. And so by declaring them inside of the init, this is our way of declaring our class variables. Oh, just so you know, you don't have to have underscore underscore here to declare a class variable. This is just a naming convention. And we should try to follow this naming convention where if you want to create a class variable, you should always have a underscore before the name. So the question is, what about visibility? Because right now it looks like everything is public. And that's a key thing about Python. There are no access or visibility modifiers in Python. Everything in scope is always visible and transparent. So there's no, no such concept of private, patch default protected. Everything is public and it's always public forever. The next question is, how does that work? That does not make everything accessible. And it actually does work because access modifiers are not pathonic, meaning they don't follow the Python way of writing code. The general kind of thought process is Python provides unenforced guidelines and best practices and really trust you not to misuse it. In other words, Python developers trust other programmers to stick to these rules and guidelines and use good object oriented programming approaches.