 I mentioned earlier that one of the uses of land does is to be used in conjunction with the map function. So let's get into what the map function actually is. So a map function is an alternative to list comprehensions. List comprehensions are great because we can take an existing list and do some operations on that list to generate a new list. So map functions are almost like a helper to do the same functionality. And they come in this specific format. A map is a function that takes in two arguments. It takes a function, kind of like a regular Python function that you see. And this function is applied to every element in a sequence. So this sequence is like a list, let's say. Let's say you have a list of five numbers. This function is applied to every number in that list of five numbers. That's all it is. What the map being saying is we're saying that we're going to map this function to every element in this sequence. Or in other words, the map function applies our function fx to each element of the sequence and then returns a new map object. And this map object itself is an iterator that represents a new sequence containing the results of applying that function to each element in the sequence. So in other words, to sum it up, you're mapping a function to each element in a sequence and returning the resulting sequence via an iterator. I know it sounds complicated, but once I show you an example, it'll make much more sense. So in this example, what I'm doing is I have a sequence of numbers or doubles right here. So a list of doubles here. And I want to convert this list of doubles into integers. That's my goal. So to do that, here's what I'm doing. I'm going to take my list of numbers, which is a and then put that into my map function as a second parameter. So a here is my list of numbers. And then I want to apply the int function to every single element in my list. So this is saying I want to map the int function to every element in my list a. And then after that, because this generates a map object, I want to create a list object type from that so I can later print it out. So this step isn't really necessary to map it to a list, but it'll just make it easier for us to print it in the end. So to visualize it, initially our a list has a list of four numbers in memory that look like this. So we have four blocks of memory. And then when I apply the map function specifically here, map function int onto a, that's equivalent to me saying, I want to apply the int function on the list at index zero. So it converts 1.2 applies the int function to convert it to one. And the here, I'm applying the int function to index one of my lists, so 2.5 to 2 and so on and so forth. So 3.7 to 3, 4.64. So then in the end, we end up with a new list of just integers. So that's why I'm surrounding the map with my list object so that I can print it out in the end. And we get this result. Okay, let's look at another example. So in this case, I have a list of strings. So my list is called full names and then it has a list of names, raw scalar, which will green, fee, bufay, and so on and so forth. And my goal in this specific example is I want to take out only the first names of these full names and then print them out. So I'm doing something a little bit fancy for this to happen. So I'm definitely using my map. So here I'm using my map function. And as I said before, the second parameter in my map is going to be my list. So here I have my list of full names. And then the first parameter is the function that I want to apply to every single element in my list. So this looks kind of fancy. It's like we're creating a lambda. It takes in a parameter x where it looks like we're splitting splitting that x, whatever that is. And then we're taking index zero. So what does this even mean? So let's break this down. So here full names is my list of all my full names. So first and last name. So I have a full list of first and last names that's put into this full names parameter. And then what happens here in the lambda x is I'm saying I want to take the first element in my list, which is raw scalar. And I want to put that into the x parameter. So x here has the value of raw scalar. And then next thing is I want to split the string into a list of each word. So raw space, scalar is now split into a list of words. This list contains element zero, which is raw and then element one, which is guller. And then the final part is with the square brackets here. I'm seeing I want to get the zero with index of my list. So I grab raw. And then that's going to be my that's the result. So that's the end of this expression. So I'm going to return raw back out as my result. So then it keeps continuing this for every single name. So next is it'll go into Rachel green. It'll take out Rachel and then return that out. Then take a Phoebe Chandler Monica and Joey. And then that's going to create a map object just like I did before. So that map object has only the first names in this list. So this type will print out that this is a type map object type. And it's going to create a print out the list of names at the end on this last line of code. Yeah. So you can see that the whole purpose of this code is just to take this list of full names and then print out the first names in the list. So get the first element of a list of words and add to the map. All right. So what I want to show you in this line or this slide is that you can do this operation in two separate ways. So we just saw how we can do this with a map. So so this is this line right here. First name map is the same code that we saw in the previous slide. What I want to show you is that you can achieve the same result using regular old list comprehension as well. So in this case, notice we're creating a list comprehension with the square brackets here, square brackets there. And we're saying that for every element in our full names list, I want to perform this split expression. So this is just to show you that you don't have to use maps to get the same behavior. You can do the same thing with list comprehension. The only kind of difference is that notice that when you use this comprehension, we had to use a for loop to iterate over all the elements in the names. But if you use maps, you don't have to do that because it'll automatically apply this expression over every element of your list. So keep this in mind that anything you can do with maps, you can do with regular list comprehension as well. Okay, so then you might be wondering, what if we had a lambda function that takes multiple arguments? So here we have our lambda keyword. And then so far I've shown you how you can have lambda expressions with a single argument. But if you want multiple arguments, then you could have your argument comma second argument. So this is perfectly fine. You can do this. So in this case, all I'm saying is I want to take in two arguments and then in my expression, I'm going to format my arguments in this specific pattern where it's x, y. So let's see what this code is doing. So here I have two separate lists. I have first names, so single first names, Ross, Rachel, Phoebe, and so on. And last names, which is Galer, Green, Buffet, and all of them here. And my goal is I want to combine the first names with the last names. So very easily I can do that. So here I'm still using my map function. And then here I have my lambda expression. So my lambda expression has two arguments, x and y. And then the expression that I'm performing and also returning, by the way, is this statement right here. I'm just combining the first name, which is going to be x. So all these elements, all these first name elements are going to be placed into x. And then the last name elements right here are going to be placed into y. And then the way that we can map them properly is all of the elements in the first parameter must appear in this position after the expression. And then all the elements that are appear in the second parameter have to appear after that. So make sure the order, number, and sequence is proper. So first names is our list of first names and last names is a list of last names. And afterwards, just as before, we can print out the type of a result. And then we can map our map into a tuple to properly printed in.