 The second type of informal typing are protocols. And protocols are just a collection of methods that Python developers and libraries expect certain kinds of things to have. And this is analogous to the Java collections framework. So there are some very helpful protocols in Python that we've already even used already. And in order to implement these protocols, a type must support certain operations. So let's look at probably one of the easiest ones, which is the sized protocol. And this is implemented by overriding the dunder-length-dunder method. So again, this is a built-in method in every single class. And if you happen to properly override this method with some working code, then we consider that you have completed the sized protocol. And this is invoked with an instance that's passed to the built-in function length. So the length typically tells us the number of elements in your object. So this is how an object reports the correct value to the length function. And we kind of assume that in the back end, the Python's built-in length function looks something like this. So they probably have some length function. You pass in some object as a parameter. And all it does is it returns the overridden dunder-length method that we override. So for instance, this just returns a length of an object, which is an integer that's greater than or equal to 0. And we've seen this many times when we have a string. So for instance, if I write some code, where let's say I create a string, let's say my string equals Jeff. And then when I type in this function, length, my string, and then I put the printed out as well, print this one. And we run it. Then we see that there's four. The reason is four is because there's four characters. So because the string class has implemented their internal def under length under self function. So internally in the string class, they probably implemented this one. Then we say that they have implemented the sized protocol. OK, another probably simple one is the container protocol. And what this protocol does is it helps us determine if some element exists within our class. So the container protocol looks like this. Again, it's another dunder-built in magic method called contains. And it takes in two parameters, always self, and then the item that we're looking for. And all it does is it determines when something is in or not in our object. And this is how we invoke it as well. So whenever we use the in keyword or not in keyword, it's actually implicitly calling our container protocol. So this is how a class implements the membership test operator. And this container or a contains method must return true if the item is in that self object. Otherwise, it'll return false. And we've seen instances of this as well, implemented by all these different types. So these were probably the simpler protocols where you kind of implement one method. And then we consider that because you've implemented this method, you have fully implemented this protocol. So there's other more complicated protocols. So for instance, we have a sequence protocol. And a sequence protocol allows us to do the following. We can get an item by an index, find an item by value. We can count items, and produce a reverse iterator. So you can see quite a bit that this is significantly more complicated. So to fully implement this sequence protocol, we have to implement all these six different methods. So count index, dunder length, dunder get item, dunder contains, and dunder reversed. And there's a whole bunch of different classes, again, that have implemented this sequence protocol. So if you wanted to create your own custom new class, for it to be considered completing the sequence protocol, it has to implement all these different properties or all these different methods. So there's many, many other different protocols. So there's an iterator protocol that you have to implement the dunder next and the dunder iter methods to satisfy this protocol. There's also the collections protocols while you implement the length, iter, and the contains. So as a bit of an aside, you've seen already many dunders, which are the double underscore. And there's many different methods in Python that begin and end with a dunder. And sometimes we call them magic methods. But there are usually methods we need to implement, as we've seen earlier, in order to conform to these protocols. So typically, we'll have to implement a lot of these dunder methods to conform to these protocols. But just so you know, we can also overload operators, like plus, minus, divide on all those operators, also with dunders as well. But we'll check this out later in the term.