 So far we've gone through both of the informal protocols and now it's time to look at formal protocols, specifically ABCs or abstract base classes. So Python provides abstract base classes, in other words ABCs, and ABCs complement duct typing. And ABCs are used to define a set of methods and properties that a class must implement in order to be considered a duct type instance of that class. And the way that we do that is Python provides a built in ABC class for data structures, numbers, or streams. And we can create them using the ABC module. It sounds complicated, but I promise you it's not. All we have to do in the sample code is if we want to create an abstract base class, first is we import the ABC module that allows us access to abstract base classes. After that we create our regular class. So here we're creating a class called bird. And then it's inheriting from ABC dot capital ABC. This is just saying that this bird is going to be an abstract base class. And then every method that we want to make abstract, we add this tag to it at ABC dot abstract method. And that says that any child class of bird must implement this fly method or else it's going to throw an error. So I've already talked about that right here that we decorate all of the abstract methods in the parent class with at ABC dot abstract method. And what that means is that if any of the child classes do not implement the methods that are tagged with this ABC dot abstract method, then Python will generate an error if you try to run it. So in this case, I have some code where I have a subclass called parrot. And this parrot subclass inherits from bird. And we're properly overriding the fly method that we had in the bird class. So notice we don't have to add any ABC tags here. Don't have to add an ABC abstract method tag here. This is how we properly override our fly method. And then when we instantiate our parrot, we just do so just like any other regular class right here. So we call our parent class with parentheses and assigned to P. And here we're just showing you showing you you can call the built-in is instance function to determine if this P parrot variable is an instance of bird, which it is because it's a subclass of bird.