 All right, so now that you know about how we can minimize dependencies using interfaces and abstract classes, I want to give you an example. So can you identify the dependencies and coupling in this next scenario? How would you solve it? And this is related to your lab. So in this case, I have a library class. And this library class allows us to find, add, check, return, and display the available books. And then also in this library class, I have a list of books. Then over here, there's this strong dependency on this book class. And a book has a different properties of title, call number, author, number of copies, and a function to check for availability. So the problem in this case is that this library is assuming that we can only have books in the library. And therefore, this book list is tightly coupled to this class. In fact, all these methods, assuming they touch the books, are very tightly coupled to books and books alone. And what that means is that if we change anything in this book class, then we'll have to make changes to the library. So if I add a new function, if I delete a property here, then I have to go back into library and change that as well. So we need some way to decouple the library from the book. So one, one option is maybe we can decouple or we can separate this library class into two separate classes. So maybe one class will handle the front and then the library. That's the part of the library that the public interacts with. So just checking in and out books and displaying the types of books that are available. And then the other class will handle the back and logic of the library. So that's part of the library that employees LRC. So that's where they have the functions to add new books to the library or logic to maybe find books. So that's one thing we can do. We can decouple this very large library class into two separate classes. So that's through another kind of situation here. What if this library expands their catalog? What if they don't only have books, but they also have DVDs and scientific journals? How would you break this down? So what would your class diagram look like if we had not only books, but another class called like DVDs and another class called scientific journals? How would you break this class down? And so that'll be part of your lab to figure out what that class diagram will look like and how would you decouple this? So to give you a hint, if we go back a few slides, it'll look something similar to this or your library will probably be something like the UI. You'll need some abstract interface component to abstract out your books, DVDs and scientific journals into some very generic source like library book source or something. And then you can have your library book here, your DVDs here, and then your scientific journals here. But I'll leave that exercise for you to handle. But other than that, that is it for today's lecture. So next time, we're finally going to get into more of the design aspects of this course, talking about the solid design principle and the law of demeter.