 Next we have named arguments. These allow us to pass parameters into our function in any order as long as they're given a name. In the classical way with positional arguments, the order in which we pass in our parameters matters. So here we have a my function and for all of our arguments, they're in this specific order. So we have our list first, then our number, then our string. And because they're in this order, we must also pass in our parameters in this specific order. So we have our actual list here, it gets passed in the list, our number, that's passed in the number, and our string, that's passed into that string. We cannot change this order or else some errors will occur. Compare that to named arguments. So in this case, the actual order in which these parameters appear doesn't matter. What matters is that we explicitly assign a value, so five hello in this list, we assign that value to an actual name. And that name must match the argument in this function. So notice that all these names, a num matches a num, a string matches a string, and a list matches a list. Once we do that, these, the order in which these parameters appear doesn't matter. So you see that all these arrows are going in different positions, and that's perfectly fine. Python will figure out where to assign these values. Not only that, but this also works with default parameters as well. So in this case, this function's a little bit different where a num is assigned some default zero value, a string is assigned some default empty string. So in this case, I don't care about the empty string, all I care about is a list or a num. So in this case, I still use named arguments and Python will know to pass the correct parameter to the correct argument position. The final type of function over letting today is variable list arguments and is trying to answer this question. What if we wanted to provide a function with a varying number of parameters. In other words, if I write a function, and I don't know ahead of time, how many parameters I'm getting, how can I do that? So let's say when I call my function, I pass in three strings, or maybe I call my my print function, and I pass in five separate strings or two service strings. How can we make, how can we write our my print function to handle this varying number of parameters? One way we can do it is we can write a function that expects a list instead of individual strings, and then we iterate through all the different elements in our list. And I think that's a perfectly good solution, but maybe there's a cleaner way that Python does this for us automatically. That's what we call variable list arguments. But before we get into that, let's look at this this solution first, where we take our function and then put everything into a list first. So here we have a my print function and in it from a design perspective, I'm going to take a parameter and I'm just expecting this parameter to be a list. So because I'm expecting it to be a list, I'm just going to have a for loop that's going to iterate through every single element in that list and then print out all the different elements. So when it comes time for me to finally call this function, I'm going to have to wrap all of my data in a list before I pass it in. So I have a string dog, integer number, an dictionary right here. So I have three three separate parameters and then I'm going to wrap them in a list. So these square brackets are saying I'm going to create a list out of these elements. And then I'm going to pass it into this one parameter. The problem is this is kind of cumbersome because I have to do this extra step where I wrap everything in a list. Let's say I don't want to do that. So luckily Python has a way to handle that and that's called variable argument list. In this case, what I'm doing is I'm going to call my my print function and notice in this case, I don't have these square brackets saying that I'm creating a list out of my three data parameters. What I'm doing instead is I'm going to call my my print function as if it was only accepting three different parameters. The difference here is that I have this star args parameter instead. And what this is saying is it's going to take all of my three parameters. It's going to wrap them in a tuple automatically. And that tuple is going to be called args. And then I'm going to use my for loop to iterate over that args tuple. So you probably notice some new notation. So we have this star. And that star is known as packing. When you add a star in front of a variable, it's saying that whatever variables are going to be sent into into this parameter, they're all going to be captured and wrapped around inside of a tuple. So just so you know that args naming is not a keyword. It's just by convention, whenever we're doing packing, we we like to name that variable args. The most important thing is you have that star or asterisk in front of that variable name. Previously, we used the star to pack our arguments where we had individual data elements and we wanted to put them into a tuple. But the star can also be used to unpack arguments. In other words, if we have a container and we put a star in front of it, then we're actually taking that list or tuple or whatever that container is and then extracting the individual elements outside of it. In this example, we have a list that has string in dictionary inside of it. And then we know it's a list because we have our square brackets. And then what I want to do is I want to take this list and then extract each individual data as a parameter and then pass it into this function. So in this case, my function is explicitly taking three separate parameters, a string integer and dictionary. So by adding a star in front of this list, we're unpacking it so that this dog string is passed into that argument. The five is passed into int and the dictionary is passed into the dictionary argument there. Now that you know about positional named default and variable this arguments, I just wanted some final takeaways for you. First is that you should always make your arguments positional and mandatory if you need the color of the function to specify a parameter. Second is that now as you know about variable this arguments, hopefully you see that they're extremely powerful and great to use because you effectively have a single argument that can take in any number of parameters. And because of this, it can kind of make it difficult to understand, read and maintain your code. So the solution is to definitely comment your code to explain what that variable this argument is for. The thing is Python is not like Java, where we expect you to have lines and lines of comments. Python effectively demands that you have meaningful comments, but only where it's necessary. So from this week onwards, try to write your comments as if someone else was reading your code instead of yourself.