 All right, so this is the same code that we had in these slides. We have our clothing ID, Inum, inherits from Inum, and then we have all of our shoes, all of our pants, and then we have these bookmarked tags for when the shoe Inum begins, and the shoe Inum ends, and when the pant Inum begins, and the pant Inum ends, and also a final Inum to show how many clothes we have. So just by using some simple math, we can figure out the count of how many shoes and pants we have. So first of all, I want to print out all the different shoes that I have. And to do that, I have this for loop that's going to iterate over this range of when my shoes begin, all the way to when my shoes end. And then I'm going to print out the shoe ID, which is x. After that, we can get the count of number of shoes we have just by taking the shoe end value, subtracted by the shoe begin value. So just by looking at this visually, if the shoe end value is here, shoe end value is 4, subtracted by shoe begin value, which is 1, that should give me 3. And then same idea for the pants. So for the pants, if you want to iterate through all the pants that we have, we just grab the pant begin value, iterate over till the pant end value, and then print all the values, and then to get the count of number of pants, just take pant end minus pant begin. And then finally, to get the total number of clothes that we have, all we have to do is take the number of clothes and then minus one. And that's it. So let's run the code and see what we got. See if it's accurate till we see. So for the first little bit, I want to print out all the shoe IDs that we have. So we see we have 1, 2, 3 shoe IDs, and we see that we have 3 shoes, which is accurate. We do have 3 shoes. For the pant IDs, we have pant ID 45678. Hopefully that's accurate. So we have 45678. And then we have 5 pants. I'm just going to here. And then the finally, the number of clothes we have is 8, which is number of clothes, value minus 1. Yeah, so I thought this is a pretty cool and genius solution to figuring out how to give clothes unique IDs, but also how to put in little tags or bookmarks for the enums to easily count and figure out the ranges in which your certain types of clothing match. Or certain pairs of clothing appear. I think overall, even though this is a pretty genius solution, I think this works great for a small number of clothing items. But let's say you had a thousand clothing items. I don't think you'd want a thousand enums in a file like this. So I'd say overall, this is both a genius solution, but also a dangerous solution if you have a lot of items in your enum.