 The next sequence type are tuples. And how you can think of tuples is you can think of them as lists, but once you create them with some initial values, then they are fixed and unchanging, meaning that they're immutable. We cannot change them after you first create them. And tuples are a sequence type, meaning that they can support the length functions, indexing, and other sequence type operations. So here, for instance, I'm creating a positional vector variable. And I am creating a tuple because instead of using the square brackets, I'm using the round parentheses instead. So in this case, I'm creating a tuple with three numbers, three, 7.0, and negative 39. And the key thing is once these values are assigned into this variable, they cannot be changed in the future. And so I'd say that tuples aren't very commonly used, but if there's ever a situation where you know ahead of time that you want to create a collection of data that is unchanging, then tuples are a great way to use it. So in this code example that I'm giving, I'm creating a tuple of some coordinates. So for instance, we know that, let's say, parliament hill, which is a building, is exists at some location in the world. And that location probably won't change because buildings don't typically move. So that's a perfect situation where you want to use a tuple. So in this case, parliament hill coordinates are at this double and that double. So 2D location. So we can access the or print out our tuple just like we would a list. So we print out a string with a comma, and we just pass in the tuple itself. And then we'll print out the values in our tuple. We can call the length operation on it. So if we call length on our tuple, it'll print out that we have two elements in our tuple. We can also access individual elements in our tuple just like we would a regular list. So here we have our tuple and we use the square brackets just like the regular index operation on arrays. So we're accessing element zero to get this first index here, and the element one to get the second index. And then finally, I mentioned earlier that the main difference between tuples and lists are that tuples are immutable, meaning we cannot change them. So in this code, I'm actually trying to change the value at index one to the value of 50. In this case, I'll get an error because we're not allowed to change tuples.