 We've seen last class, UML class diagrams. Today, we're going to check out collaboration and sequence diagrams. First, we're going to look at collaboration diagrams. These present interactions between objects as a sequence of messages between objects from a structural perspective. In other words, it shows how these objects interact in a particular use case or subset of use cases. I know this diagram is a little bit overwhelming, but just by looking at the names of these boxes, it looks like it's some kind of payment system for maybe an online shopping site. Let's break down what each of these individual images means. First of all, we have our objects. Kind of like the squares in a class diagram, these objects are represented by a square that has the name of the object itself and the class that it belongs to. Separated by a colon. Then you have the actor. So the actor is typically the invoker of the action or the person thing or object that begins an interaction. And these actors are named and they have a role. Then here, notice we have two objects, one object here, one object here. Then we have the links and links is as you expect, they connect objects and actors together. And this shows that connection that messages can be sent across and links are represented by just a single solid line. So I'm sure you've noticed this part right here and this part right here. And these are actually the messages. So messages allow us to communicate between objects and they convey the information and the expectation that some activity will occur. And how we show the direction is it's shown with a labeled arrow to show the direction of that link. And typically it's directed from the sender. So in this case, the chef is sending a message from the chef to the oven. And then all the messages are numbered to indicate some kind of sequence. So messages in the same call, however, have additional decimal places. So in this case, we have some kind of sequence where first you switch it on and then chef can also have another action indicated by number two that they can switch it off. So now that we know these different parts of the collaboration diagram, let's again look back at this original diagram. So in this case, it looks like at the beginning, our customer actor initiates our action to create some call it like a create message. Like it would be a function, let's say, and that create message is sent to some order checkout class from there. Let's just follow the numbers. So the first thing they can do is they can get the total of their order. So if they call get total, it checks their order and then it probably calculates that. Then you see a 1.2. So in this case, maybe that the order has to be calculated multiple times. So this kind of a loop, you see this link goes back to itself. So maybe there's multiple times it has to cycle through to figure out the order total. And then maybe as part of that actual calculation, it goes over here that in order to get the order total, it actually has to call the get total function on each individual order item itself. So then that order item itself has to go to the some separate item class to also get the price. And then I guess at some point, once you get the price, then it gets sent back all the way out over here. And so there's some other areas. So we have another option to send a message, which is debit. So I guess in this case, they're choosing how they want to pay for their order. So this goes through the credit card payment system. And then that in itself calls reserve or commit, which is some extra payment processor over here. So as part of this one, I guess the get total operation has a separate part, which is the display operation as well. So here, maybe this is the call to call the checkout page after all the orders are done. So with this diagram, we can kind of get an idea of how the flow of the system works.