 So some final point points about the minute pattern is that the example I gave you was a UI system, but it can be used in any type of system. Any kind of system where you need objects or subsystems to talk to each other while not being tightly coupled, that's a perfect situation. You might have noticed so far that this pattern is somewhat similar to the observer pattern in the sense that you don't have objects directly talking to other objects. They kind of indirectly talk to each other. But it's not quite the same as the observer pattern, because the whole idea about this mediator pattern is it actually allows for two-way communication between objects. Whereas in the observer pattern, it's a one-way communication. So you have one object that talks to many different objects. And typically those objects don't talk back to the broadcaster. So when do we use this? So the advantages of this is that it should be used when communication between different objects can be very, very chaotic if these objects can freely communicate with each other. And typically, we want to use this when the components don't want to be aware of other components. They just want to broadcast that, hey, I've done something. And I'm going to have the mediator handle what's the best choice of action for this. So that's third point. And the great thing about this is it allows us to reuse a lot of this, a lot of our components and the behaviors many, many times without highly coupling our objects. Fourth point is that it implements a single responsibility principle. So instead of the communication being handled by the components, in addition to whatever logic we have to do, we're taking that communication aspect and putting that responsibility on the mediator itself. So it's a mediator who's almost like the one directing traffic and directing all the communication between the different components. And the final point is that it implements the closed open closed principle. So meaning that if, in the example that we saw, we had a login mediator effectively. So if you wanted different types of mediators for logging out doing other things, you can have different concrete subclasses that do those things and you can reuse your components. The main disadvantage, as you've seen already, is that the mediator becomes this massive centralized point of directing traffic. And as a result, in our example, you notice that in the notify function, it was a bunch of if else statements. So imagine you have a hundred different components in the radiator, then imagine you're probably need to have a hundred different if else statements to actually direct the communication of all these different components. So it can become an epicenter of coupling. And in that case, what that means is that it becomes almost like a god object. So a god object is an object in your code that knows too much or does too much information. So definitely check out this god object, anti-pattern. And you have the chance. It's a very cool disadvantage that we should try to avoid.