 a class. Welcome to the final lecture of our class. So today I got a lot of requests about reviewing design patterns. So we're pretty much going to go through all the design patterns that we went through in this course. And I'll give you a few examples of some of the more complicated ones. But otherwise we're just going to very briefly review the rest of them. OK, so let's finally get into today's lecture. And so all of it is just a review of what design patterns. And I'm sure at this point we know what they are, but just again, a little introduction over what are design patterns. And all they are, it's a way for us to have a common design solution for common architectural problems. What so what this means is that so far in Python, we have a whole bunch of stuff that's built in. A lot of things with keywords, like classes, for loops, functions, all these things have keywords. But design patterns aren't something that's built into the language. It's just a kind of up in the air concept for solutions to some problem. And because you're such an Eric, you can reuse them with any kind of programming language that you want. So how you can kind of think of this is there are kind of recipes for solving problems. And whenever we develop any OOP programs, and you come across these common large skill programs, then we can kind of fall back on these specific design patterns to solve those specific problems. And I'm sure you know by now we saw a ton of these these terms, and that's what today is all about, is just to review them. So this is just some sources I got from images and some of the definitions. Generally, because there's so many patterns, it's kind of difficult to pick one. So here's a way that we can kind of break down how we determine which pattern to choose. So step one is that we look at the problem, and we try to fully understand what the problem is asking for us. In terms of what kind of dependencies to each of the objects have, how does a communication need to be done between these objects, how abstract do we need to make these concepts? And we kind of break down our problem into these components. So dependencies, modularity, and abstract concepts. Then we want to identify if the problem that we're trying to solve, does it have to do with behavioral, meaning how objects communicate with each other? Is it structural, meaning like is it the problem how our objects and classes are composed, or is it createional? So meaning is it how we're actually instantiating our objects? Do we need to make that in a very clean way? Third, is there any other constraints, specifically that you need to follow? So outside of the design pattern, maybe there's other constraints that you need that make it exclude something else. And then finally, is there a simpler solution? Because oftentimes, just because we know about the design patterns, doesn't necessarily mean that we always want to use them. Sometimes there's even simpler solution that we should just use instead of picking a pattern. And if there isn't a simpler solution, then you go ahead and pick a pattern. So the advantages of using the design pattern is that some really smart people have already designed this possible solution for you. So let's don't bother reinventing the wheel and let's just use a solution that's proven for us. Second is that they're abstract. And therefore, because they're so abstract, they can be applied to a whole bunch of different problems. It's not just one specific problem. The third is that once we all know amongst us programmers, once all of us developers know about all these design patterns, it's a great way to communicate ideas. So when you're describing a problem to someone, then everyone's like, oh, that'd be a great candidate to use the bridge design pattern to solve that. So it's almost like we're speaking the same language. And the fourth one is its language agnostic, meaning that it doesn't matter what programming language we use. As long as there's an object-oriented programming language, then these design patterns can be used with that language. The disadvantage is that it can make your system more difficult to maintain. Because oftentimes you'll see today in lecture and I'm sure you'll remember, is that these design patterns introduce a lot of abstractions, a lot of new classes, especially the abstract factory, so many new classes. So it makes it more difficult to maintain. And other times, our patterns are actually deceptively simple. So the problem might be hard and the pattern itself might be simple, but there might be kind of hidden complexity there. The second is that within a specific application, there isn't one pattern that will probably solve everything. Chances are you'll use four or five patterns within your application to solve the issue. So at some point, your system might actually suffer from pattern overload. You have too many design patterns over that thing amongst each other, just because we know about patterns we want to use them. So sometimes it's best just to simplify that when we can. Third point is that each pattern themselves have disadvantages as well. And these disadvantages can actually add constraints to your system. So as a result, the developer may need to add constraints they don't even plan for. And the final point is that with a specific pattern, you have to build your program in a specific way. And as a result, it's not very easy for us to take out one component from a pattern and then easily transport it to somewhere else. It doesn't quite work. So as a result, it leads to a situation where your code cannot be reused. And generally, we do like to write as useful code as possible. So we already mentioned this before, but amongst all the design patterns, they're categorized in three separate specific categories, the behavioral, structural, and createional patterns. So as the name implies, behavioral patterns, these are design patterns that are focused on how objects actually communicate with each other. Meaning how do they communicate by the same time minimized coupling? So we don't want classes that are highly dependent on each other just because they want to communicate with each other. Second is structural. So how do we actually combine our classes and objects to form more complicated objects in our program? So this kind of focuses on kind of architecting for maximum flexibility and maintainability. And the third is createional. It's all about how do we actually cleanly create our instances of all our different classes. So it's just a bunch of different strategies and techniques to instantiate objects or groups of objects.