 The first design pattern we're going to look at is the singleton pattern. And whenever we do look at design patterns, we're always trying to solve a specific design issue. In this case, my design issue is how can I have a single globally accessible object where I can ensure that only one instance of its object exists. So I don't want to actually instantiate this object multiple times, I only want one instance of this object to exist in my entire system and I need some way to enforce it. So to do that, the solution is to use the singleton design pattern. And let's check out what this is in a bit more detail. So the singleton design pattern is part of one of the three broad design patterns. Specifically, this is part of the creational design patterns. And this pattern guarantees that only a single instance of a class will ever exist. We want to prevent more than one copy from being constructed and we must therefore write code to enforce these specific rules that there's one instance ever that's created. I cannot make multiple copies of it and it's globally accessible. So to summarize these rules, first, these are the requirements. We will instantiate our object the first time we use it and we'll ideally have some way to hide our initializer. And because we want this to be globally accessible, we need some function, let's say called get instance, that will return a reference to that one instance of our class where possible. And again, we want to be able to globally access this, so we need some way to have that access. So again, as a reminder, we use the singleton pattern whenever you want to have one and only one object of a type in a system. And the singleton is a globally accessible class where we guarantee only that single instance is created. So that's it, that's all there is to this design pattern. So let's check out the code to see how it's written. This is my singleton and the purpose of this program is want a single global object to exist in this world that's going to keep track of a number that I'm going to keep adding to. And what it's going to look like is I have my regular class my singleton. And instead of creating this class regularly, I'm going to try to enforce the rule that I want only ever one instance of a singleton to exist. So to do that, I'm going to create this instance class variable. And I initialize it to none. And anytime I want to interact with my one instance of my singleton, it's going to be happening through this instance class variable. So let's then look at the initializer. How do we initialize a singleton? So again, we're trying to enforce the rule that only one instance of a singleton ever exists. So that's why I have these if statements. This if statement is saying that if my instance variable has already been initialized, then do not try to initialize it again. So that's why I'm saying if the singleton instant is not none, meaning it already exists, then raise an exception. Otherwise, if it's the first time I ever tried to initialize my instance, then let's go ahead and assign instance equal to self. And then also create a new member variable inside of my instance to data. So the reason I'm doing this one is because the purpose of this program is I want to add numbers to some data. So this isn't part of the pattern really. It's part of the behavior that I want for my specific program. All right, so then after our initializer, we need some way to get our instance when we're calling it from outside of our class. So we create this globally accessible get instance method. So notice that it's a static method and that's on purpose. It's because the whole idea behind the singleton pattern is you want to be able to get this single instance of our singleton globally wherever you want. So static methods are always globally accessible. So that's why we're making this get instance function a static method. And again, we're still trying to enforce the rule that whenever we want to get an instance of our singleton, we're going to return the one and only one instance of a singleton. We never want to make a copy. So on this line here, we're saying that if our instance has not been initialized yet, so it is none, then let's go ahead and initialize it. In other words, this if statement is called the very first time we called get instance. Every other time that we call get instance in the future, it's not going to try to re-initialize my singleton every time. All it's going to do is return that one existing instance back out to whoever's calling it. And finally, this isn't part of the pattern, but again, this is part of the behavior that I want for the program is that I have a add number function. And whenever I pass in a number into here, it's going to add that number into that data member variable that I created earlier. And notice that I'm adding the data to the instance of my singleton, not as a member variable of the class, like something like this self.data. I'm not doing that. In this case, everything that's referring to self will be sent to the instance instead. So let's check out how we can call our singleton. So by convention, whenever you are calling your singleton, you never want to initialize a singleton like this, like we would a regular object. So normally with our objects, we just call the class name and then have our parentheses and pass in any parameters. So that's not how we do it with singletons. Instead, whenever we want to access a singleton, we just call it get instance function instead. So the first time we call get instance, it's going to initialize the singleton for the first time, and then assign it to S and then we can use our S singleton. And then in the future, whenever you call get instance again, it won't re-initialize a singleton. It's just going to return the one instance of the singleton that we already created. So let's just run the code and see what happens. So I'm going to run this and kind of step through what's happening. So for this line, the reason why all of these addresses are the same is this is the memory address where my singleton is currently living. And this is to show you that even though I'm calling get instance multiple times, we're not creating multiple copies of singleton. Every time we call singleton, it's just returning the same copy back to us, which is what we want. And we know it's the same copy because the addresses for the singleton are the same every single time. The other thing I want to show you is that every time we call add, it's adding numbers to the same instance. So initially when we call add, it's 0 plus 6, which is 6. When we call add again to the singleton, we're adding 3 into 6. So we get 9. And then when we call add again, we're adding 2 into 9, which is 11. So all this output is just to show you that whenever we call get instance, we're getting that same only one copy of the singleton. So let's just try to trace through the code a little bit. So the first time I call get instance from my singleton, we never initialized our singleton yet. So when we call get instance, we pop into here. And then when we're on this line, our underscore underscore instance variable is none. It's currently none. And because it's currently none, that means we never initialize our instance yet. As a result, because we haven't initialized the instance variable yet, we're going to pop into the initializer. So let me go into our initializer. And then this one will not be run because our instance is currently none. So therefore, if the instance is currently none, we're going to initialize our instance equal to self and the data equal to 0. So we've currently finally initialized our instance for the very first time. After we do that, then we finish this line right here. And then we return our single instance of our singleton. So that's why when we come back out to the main area over here, this s is our freshly instantiated singleton for the first time. Then we add our number and then we print out the data and then we get this result. Onto this one, we're calling get instance again. So when we call it get instance again, this time what happens is that we're in the get instance method. And then on the if statement, in this case, the instance variable is currently not none. We have currently initialized it. So as a result, we don't execute this one. Instead, we just directly return instance. So this effectively returns into just a getter. So now it's just getting that single instance of instantiated before. And we add the number and then we get this result. So in the third one is the same idea. We've already initialized our singleton. So whenever we call get instance, we're going to just return that same instance over and over and over again. And this is exactly what we want. So let's say some were down here. I decide, hey, I actually want to make a copy of my singleton. And for me to make a copy of the singleton, I'm just going to call the initializer directly right here. So let's try to run this and see what happens. So when we run this, we actually get an exception. And this is the exception that we wrote. And this is saying that, hey, this is the singleton pattern. You're not allowed to create more than one copy of a singleton. And this exception is here to enforce that rule. So if we look at the code and what's happening is that when I try to run this code and call my initializer directly, we're going to pop into our initializer up here. And then it's going to run this if check. And the if check is saying does an instance of a singleton already exist? Yes, in this case, our instance variable already exists. So therefore we're going to raise an exception saying that, hey, this is a singleton class. We're not allowed to have more than one copy. So that's why we're throwing this exception. So yeah, all of this code is just to enforce the pattern itself, which is saying that we're only allowed to have a single copy of singleton. It must be globally accessible. And we must have to have some method to get that globally accessible instance.