 Next, let's talk about function overloading and parameters. Now, as a reminder, the idea of overloading is when you have a function or two functions for the same name. But the parameters are different in terms of the type of parameters that we pass in, at least in other languages. The problem is that this doesn't quite work in Python because all the parameters are dynamically typed. In other words, these parameters types are determined when we actually call them. So if I try to write something like this where I have an add function that conceptually takes an integer's A and B here, and then in this add function, I'm taking in string A and string B here, they're actually exactly the same function because these parameters are determined at runtime whenever we're calling them. So these functions are actually exactly the same thing, which is this one function over here. So we can't actually differentiate our parameters based on their data types. So as a result, overloading doesn't quite work in Python the same way as other languages. But there are definitely things that we can talk about for Python functions because they're extremely powerful and flexible. And the way that we can implement our function and method overloading is with four different ways. Using default arguments, using named variables, variable is arguments or keyword arguments, which we'll talk about later on in the term. Before I get into default arguments, I just wanted to review positional arguments. So this is the standard way that we write our functions and arguments. All of our parameters have a fixed position. And when we pass our parameters into our functions, there's a specific order that has to happen. So here we have our ad vectors function with parameters vector one and vector two. And then when we call our function, we have to pass in our parameters in the specific order. The position parameter is passed into the vector one and then our velocity parameter is passed into vector two. Nothing new here. This is how we always use our functions and arguments in other languages. And what default arguments allow us to do is they allow our function parameters to have a default argument or default value. So if I flip back in the previous slide, let's say I don't pass in velocity into vector two, default arguments allow me to assign a default value to vector two in that case. So there are some rules when it comes to default arguments though. They have to be at the end of our argument list. And you cannot have positional or non default arguments after a default argument. And finally, generally the consensus is that arguments that are the least likely to have default arguments should be on the left side. And those that are most likely to have default arguments are on the right side of the argument list. So here let's look at an example. We have our class team. And then in the initializer, conceptually, I don't want the team number to ever have a default argument. So see it's happening or I'm pushing this on the left side of this argument list. Whereas for team name and member list, I want them to have some default values. So what that means is that if I don't pass in a team name into this initializer, it's going to be given a default value of the empty string. If I don't pass in member list as a parameter into this argument, then it's going to be automatically assigned the none type. So what that allows us to do is we can call our initializer in a few different ways. So for team one, they are going to be passing in two parameters, zero and pugs for life. So zero gets passed into team number. Pugs for life gets passed into team name. So it doesn't have to use the empty string. And because it didn't pass in a member list, member list is going to be assigned the default argument of none for team two. One gets passed into here and we didn't provide the second or third parameter. So team name is going to be assigned the empty string and member list is assigned none. And finally, we have team three. In this case, they're going to pass in three different parameters. Two gets passed into team number. Tomagachi app developers passed into team name. And then this list of names is passed into the member list. All right. So one thing we have to keep in mind though is a little bit of a quirk for Python. We have to keep in mind that when we provide a default argument, this so in this case, this is our default argument. That argument is evaluated when the function is first interpreted, not when it's called. And what that means is that we cannot have dynamically generated default values. And I'll go through this example in great details to show you what the results of this means. So in this code, I have a function called print message. And then for this print message function, I'm just saying that by default, if I don't pass in any message, I'm going to create an empty list. And then I'm going to append the string high to this empty list and then print it out. So this looks like nothing strange at first. You're probably thinking, okay, that's fine. Every time I call print message, a new empty list is generated. And then we append the string high to that and then print it out. But let's let's look at how this is a little bit different than what we expect. All right, so here's our function. And then here's our code somewhere else that's executed. So initially, even before the first line of code is run, this function is interpreted. Meaning once we hit the play button, this function is interpreted by Python. And what that means is that a single empty list is created in memory over here. And that's our default argument empty list. Okay, so now when we call print message, the following happens. So remember that there is a default empty list that was created. So then when we call message.append, we append the string high to it. So for that place in memory, there is now a high string in it. Nothing too bad at first. However, things get weird here. So now we're going to call print message again. What we might expect from other languages is that an entirely new empty list is created. And then we append high to it. But that's not what happens in Python. The issue is that in Python, when we have a default argument here, there's only a single empty list that was created in memory. And every time we call this function with no parameters, we keep appending high to that single list. So that's why we see an extra high appended to that list. All right, so now let's execute this next line of code here. New one is equal to new one. So what happens here is that in this case, I'm going to create a new list that has a string new one in it. So we have some new memory here and we assign our new one variable to point to that. And then we call our print message function. In this case, because I'm passing in the new one list explicitly, it's not going to access that original default list parameter. Instead, it's going to append high to our new one list. So you see here in memory, high is appended to new one. Similarly over here for new two, I create a new two-placed memory over here with the string inside of that. And then when I call the print message function, we append high to that new two list. So everything looks fine here when we're calling our function without accessing the default parameter. Finally, let's call our print message function one more time with no parameters. So in that case, we add high once more into that original list. So all that's being said is that be very careful when you're using default arguments. In that a new dynamic parameter is not generated every time the default parameter is used. The same default parameter is used every single time. And this behavior to make this even more complicated, the behavior is different when operating on mutable versus immutable parameters in a function. And I'll get into that in the next section. But first, let's look at some code to see what this looks like in action. So I'm looking at this team default arguments code. And this is working off the previous team code that we had before. So we still have the class team. And then we had some name and then some team members. And the rest of this is the same that we saw before. We had a two-string method, our size protocol, the container protocol, and the iterator protocol. So but that's not what we're focusing on. What I'm trying to show you in this code is how we incorrectly use our default parameters. So in this case, look at we have our initializer. We have our self parameter and then a default parameter team ninja for our team name. And then if we don't provide a team members list, then I'm going to default it to this empty list. It looks fine initially, but then things go wrong pretty soon. So then further down here, I have some code that I'm going to append the string person to my team members list. And then after that, I'm just going to assign name and members just as we normally would. So then if I scroll down, I'm pretty much going to do the same same thing I did in the slides. I'm going to create some empty teams. So create my empty team one, print out the team, another empty team, and then print out that team. So let's look at that first before I even do anything else. So if I run this code, what I would probably expect in other languages is that when I call this team, then I should be calling my team initializer with the default parameters. So it should be sign team ninja, which is what I expect. And then I create an empty list of team members, and then I assign person to it. So this one actually looks pretty good. That's what I expect. And then when I call it a second time, so right here, what I would expect is that it would do the same thing. It would print out team ninja. And then a single person would exist. What you see that two people exist. And the reason that's happening is once again, that when we're using a default parameter here, only one list is ever created in memory for this default parameter. So when I call this team class a second time, we're using that same list and depending to it. So we're depending a second person to that list. And then just to hammer that home, let's say I get rid of this one and I run this again. So again, we're calling the same team with empty parameters. And you can see that we just keep adding person over and over and over again to that same list in memory. So then here, what I'm doing is I'm going to be calling team in the middle of it. So in this case, however, I'm actually sending in the proper parameters. So here I haven't covered this yet, but I'll just change this over here. So I have a list and then team name turtles. And I'm passing in a list of names just like that. Okay. So in this case, I have team ninja, what the initial person, and we already see it's going wrong here because we have person person. And on this line, I'm creating a new team, but I'm explicitly passing in the name of the team and the team members. So this one looks fine. We have the chipmunks as a team. And then Alvin, theodore as a team members, and then I'm depending a single person at the end. That's what I expect. Same idea for this one for turtles. I have the turtles team and then I have all the names of our turtles. And then I append a person at the end. But at the very end, as soon as I go back to using the default team, you see that we're still appending to that original default list. So just keep this in mind whenever you're dealing with default parameters. So you might be wondering, okay, that's great. Now I know the problem. So how do I fix this so that this team ninja only has a single person. Every time I call the default version. So let's show you how you can fix this. So the way we fix it is we have to actually change this code quite a bit. So instead of making our default parameter equal to the empty list, we're going to change this to none instead. So none is a special type that's kind of like null effectively. And then we're going to have an a special if statement. So we say if team members is none, then we're going to do the following. So what we're going to do is we're going to set team members is equal to an entirely new empty. Empty list. So in this case, this is fine because this empty list exists within the body of this initializer, a new empty list is created every single time. And then after that, we just go team members plus equals person. So then let's run this again. Oh, I did something weird. My initial person is probably not what I wanted. So yes, I'll do this one instead. Team members, pen person. Here, and then comment out this one. This should fix it. Yeah, there we go. So now you see that there's a single person that's appended to my team ninja. Every time I call it, even if I call it subsequently.