 Now that we've had an introduction to comprehension, let's look at a few other examples. So let's check out this first challenge. I want us to write a list comprehension that takes a list of strings and generates a list of strings. So here's our initial list of strings. Hi, hello, and bye. And maybe pause this video and ask yourself, if I were to write a list comprehension from this, how would I do it? So as a bit of a hint, list comprehension is typically have three parts. They have input sequence, which is that for loop. They have a condition, and they also have an output. And in this case, we do have our input sequence, which is this list of strings. I don't think we really have a condition in this case. So that's okay. We don't have to have a condition for our list comprehension. And we have an output as well. So if I were to write this out myself, let's say I make a new list equals. So again, we want to generate a list of strings over here. So let's just draw that out. So our final result is we want a list. So I'm going to draw my square brackets. And then we also have an input sequence. So whenever we have an input sequence, so far we've used the for loop. So let's just say for x in our list, the name of our list is strings. So strings, that's our input sequence. So for every element in our strings, we want to do something. So we don't have a condition. So that's why this area over here is empty. But we do have an output. So our output is just whatever value is x's. So the output is always on the left side. So we just go like this. So this would be our answer for this specific challenge. So we're just saying that for every element in strings, we're just going to grab every element in that string and then create a new list from that existing list. And that's it. So very simple challenge for this one. So to clean it up, this is the answer for this first challenge. All right, so let's continue on with the next one. So in this case, we want to write a list comprehension that takes in numbers in the range 0 to 26, excluding 26, and generates all the letters in the alphabet in uppercase. Okay, that's fine. So then we do have a hint that's saying that we have a built in CHR integer function that converts an integer to a character. Okay, so let's say what is alphabet, right? So it wants to know what alphabet is. So alphabet is going to be our new list result. And so again, we want to generate a new list. So again, we begin with our list brackets and then we have our input sequence again. So in this case, our input sequence is going to be numbers in the range 0 to 26. So if you recall from Python, we do have a built in range function that allows us to create a range of numbers. So let's just write that first. So we have a way to generate a range of numbers, excluding 26. So range 0, 26, that's going to give us our range, but we want to get every value in this range. So we still have that for loop. So for X in this range here. So this will give us our sequence. So that's great. Do we have a condition? We don't really have a condition. We just want to modify the output of this and convert our integers into characters. So we have our integers 0 to 26. And then we also got a hint that for these integers, to convert them into a character, we use CHR. So you CHR and then we can pass in our X like that. But one thing I forgot to mention is that if you just pass in X like this, it won't convert it to the character A for the value 0. Because I think the character A begins at 65 in ASCII. So we'll have to actually add the number 65 into character and this will do it. So this is our this comprehension. So this says that for this X in range sequence, I'm going to grab all the numbers X and for every X, it's going to go through this output process. X is going to be added to 65. So the value 65 is then converted into a character, which turns into the character A. And so what ends up is that alphabet will be a list of characters A through Z in the alphabet. All right, let's check out the next one. So this is the full nicely printed out version, instead of my hand drawn mouse version. And so the next, let's check out the next challenge. So challenge three, write a list comprehension that takes a range of numbers and generates a list of all the even numbers in that range. So this actually sounds pretty similar to that very first example that we saw earlier. So again, we want to create a list comprehension. So we're storing it in an even variable. So it's a list. So we have the big list there. And it takes in a range of numbers. So let's I didn't specify the range of numbers. So let's just say for X in range. 0 to 10, let's say only 0 to 10. We do something. So we do have a condition in this case. We're saying that we only want to take our general list of all even numbers, all the even numbers. That's our condition. So to find the even numbers, we usually use modulo 2 to figure that out. So because that's condition, conditions go on the right side of our comprehension. So we just say if X, because X is the element that we're getting evaluating every time, if X modulo 2 is equal to 0. So if this statement becomes true, then it's going to successfully use the output X. So again, we forgot to have the output here. So our final output is X. So this X is only taken if this condition is met. So this is how the comprehension is with it if statement work. So yeah, this should be our answer. And let me clean it up. So again, how we read this is that for X, for all the elements in the range 0 to 10, we're going to save them to X. And then if X happens to be even by doing this if condition, then let's save the value X. And so in the end, this will result in an even list or a list of even numbers saved into the even variable. All right, so I'm now going to throw a little bit of a wrench into our challenges. And introduce you to the if else statement. So in this case, I want us to write a single list comprehension that takes a range of numbers and generates a list that contains all the same numbers except that the odd numbers are now replaced with X. So it's yeah, we just have a range of numbers where all the odd numbers are X instead. So we do have a if else condition here though, because we want to say that if the numbers are even, they're going to be saved as regular numbers else, if they're odd numbers, they're going to be saved as character X. So we want the replaced value here. So replaced equals to a list comprehension, some big list comprehension. And you're probably wondering what all this stuff is. So when you have an if else condition, the format changes a little bit. So we have our input sequence right here. So this is our for loop as we've seen so far. So for every element in some iterable. And then our condition actually moved from the right side to the left side if we have a if else condition. So it looks like this. There's a true condition here. So if this true condition is met, then we save this output on this left side into our list. If the else condition is met, then we save this output into our comprehension. So let's let's break this down. So first of all, we have our for loop. So we're saying that when we have if else condition, our for loop is on the right side of this statement. So let's begin that. So for x in range, let's say zero to 10, that's on the right side. So here's our sequence. And then we have an if statement. We say that if our values are even, then we're going to just save the number as is. So we're focusing on x. That's the element we want. So if x is even, so we always use the module to figure out something is even if x module to is equal to zero. I know the notation here's a bit weird. Then we're going to save x into our list else. If it's not even, then we're going to save the character x into our list. So once again, in the true condition, this x is used over here. And then if it's the false condition, then this whatever you put in this position is used. I know it's a little bit off compared to the previous if condition, but whenever we have it if else, this is what these syntax looks like. So for me, it cleaned up. It looks like this instead. So again, if the true condition is met, then this left side argument is saved into our list comprehension. And then if the else condition is met here, then the false, whatever you put in this position is used. So hopefully by now, you see that we've kind of collapsed, really complicated code into one line of code. And I know when we first look at this, this is kind of hard to read, but it gets kind of pretty easy to read once you get used to it. You always start with the four. And then after that, you look at any of the conditions. So if if condition, you get that one, else condition, you get this one.