 The next pattern we're looking at is the strategy design pattern. And this is all about being able to change your behaviors of your classes at runtime. Before we get into the pattern itself, I want to give a bit of a reminder of the list call of substitution principle. All this principle states is that objects of a super class, like T, should be replaceable with objects of its subclass S without breaking the application. And what this requires from us as developers is that the objects of your subclass must behave in the same way as objects of the super class. Or in other words, objects in a program should be replaceable with instances of their base type without altering how you write your program. And the example that I gave a long time ago was you're trying to create a system to display UI elements on a screen. So you have some kind of canvas. And then on this canvas, you're allowed to put different UI elements like panels, scroll bars, and UI buttons. And the way that we can do this really well is we have the canvas rely on some abstract UI widget parent class. And in the code, what that looks like is that in our canvas class, we have an initializer that takes in a widget list. And at least in other languages, this widget list should ideally be of the type UI widget in order to make it compatible to be used by all the subclasses. But in Python, it makes it super easy because we don't have to worry about types. Because as we're taking our list, that list will implicitly know that the types are UI panel, UI scroll bar, and UI button. But anyways, this is a list of UI widgets. And then in our draw screen method, all we have to do is iterate through all the UI widget elements and call draw on it. So in this case, we're following the list of substitution principle because all of our subclasses should properly implement draw. And if it doesn't, then that means that we have incorrectly followed the list of substitution principle. And we go back and fix our code. So bringing it back to the strategy pattern, all the strategy pattern is, it's a really simple pattern that completely embodies the list of substitution principle. What we do is we want to create a hierarchy of behaviors that inherit from some base class. And then we use composition to be able to swap out these behaviors at runtime. And I know it sounds kind of high level and complex, but I'll give you an example really soon. And we've probably already done this at some point ourselves in code. We just haven't even realized this. So for example, let's say we want to get to an airport. And there's many strategies or different ways that we can do this. We can get there by a car, a bike, or a bus. It doesn't really matter. But all these different strategies of getting there have a similar behavior in the sense that you're driving, let's say. You either ride or drive a bus, a bike, or car. But the way in which they implement this driving functionality is different. So in this example, for the bike, it costs very little, but takes a lot of time. Buses cost a little bit more, but you get there faster, and then the car potentially costs the most and takes the least amount of time. So that's how they've implemented their behavior differently. So let's try to clarify this with a more concrete example. Let's say we want to build a game. And let's do this the incorrect way first. I want to equip my character with a weapon. And this weapon has a very specific animation and damage calculation. And the way that we're going to handle this is we're going to create an attack method inside of my character class. So you see in our class diagram, we have a character class with an attack method that takes in some enemy parameter and it returns some float. So then we release this game in the wild and it becomes becomes the best game in the world. So later on, we're like, hey, let's release an update to this game with two new weapons. So the way that we do this is we go back to our character class and then we add more code to our attack method. So let's say we have a sword initially. And then now we want to add a spear. So we go back to our attack method and then add some new if else code to have conditions for if we're using a sword, then use some specific calculations and attack animations. If we're using a spear, some other damage calculations and some other animations and calculations. So over time, we add more and more methods. Let's say we add five, 10, 20 methods. The problem with this is that our attack method is going to get really, really huge, really, really fast. And any changes that we make can potentially cause errors. But not only that, we're probably not the only ones who are touching this character class. Chances are there's other team members who are working on the movement code in the character class. And then we're responsible for the attacking code. And at some point, we might have some merge conflicts. So this breaks a whole bunch of issues. And it also breaks the single responsibility principle because our character class is doing too much stuff. So let's try to refactor this using the list of substitution principle and the strategy design pattern. Instead of having one giant character class, where the attack method does everything, let's actually separate out the weapon or the concept of weapon from the character to an entirely separate class. So we're going to do it like this. We're used composition instead. So whenever we say composition, it means that we're not relying on inheritance inside of one class. We're separating out one concept into separate classes. So a class is composed or made up of or contains other instances of other classes. So here our character class has an instance of weapon inside of it. And notice here, that weapon itself is just an abstract interface. And that weapon class itself has an attack method. And then for each concrete instance of our weapon, we have our actual concrete weapons. So we have our sword, our spear, and our bow and arrow. And each of them also has their concrete implementation of the attack method. And how this will eventually work is that some outside client code is going to call character. Attack. And then within the character's attack method, the character itself is not attacking. Instead, it's going to call the weapon self that weapon, that attack. So you see that we're deferring the attack code from the character's attack method to the weapon's attack method instead. And all the code to actually do the attack is in the concrete weapons themselves. So we see what we've done here is we separated out the attacking behavior into its own class. So each weapon has its own attack behavior. And this solves a single responsibility principle because the weapons are focused on just doing weapon code. Characters focused on doing its own character code and not worrying too much about attacking and handling the weapon code. We inherit from the weapon to implement a whole bunch of different kinds of weapons. So this solves the open close principle because now we can very easily add new weapons to the system without overloading the character class itself. We can have 20 different new weapons down here and it won't affect the character class. And the here also third part is we have the character class store a attribute that holds a reference to base weapons. So that's this property here weapon. This is the new attribute that we're adding. And we can replace this weapon with any of the other concrete sword, spear, or bow and arrow at runtime. That's probably one of the coolest things about this pattern is we can swap out this weapon at runtime. And that's where we solve the list of or we apply the list of substitution principle because this single weapon pointer reference can dynamically change the point to any of these concrete weapons at runtime. So at some point we probably do need some code to be able to change the character's weapons. So we can have some completely separate class or a main method or something be responsible for swapping out the weapon of the character at runtime. So in this case, I've just added a new item equipped for class or some other class that's responsible for changing the character's weapon. So you see here that my character dot weapon equals sword and that's how we change the character to swap to sword or whatever new weapon that we want. All right, so this is our kind of concrete example of the strategy design pattern. And again, I always want to show you the generic version. So this is the top level generic version. And some of the terminology that we use here is that the original class that makes use of all these strategies is known as the context. So in the previous example, the character was the context. So we refer to the character as the context in this pattern. Whereas the the behavior that we keep swapping out is known as the strategy, strategy or behavior. And in that case, we were swapping out the weapon. And overall, please see, it's a pretty fairly straightforward pattern. So going over the generic version of it, our context needs to have a pointer reference or property to the strategy. And then we have to have some method to be able to change the strategy. So that's what the set strategy method is. We can change the strategy anytime we want through this method. And then we have some do something method. So that do something method is responsible for actually calling the strategy to call its execute function or method. So you see that in this do something method, all it does is forward a call to the strategy to execute whatever code it's going to do. And then in the strategy itself, we have two parts to it. We always have a top level interface. And that top level interface of the strategy just has an execute method that may take in some parameter. And this will eventually this is probably going to be abstract for our concrete strategies to override. So in the concrete strategies, they will have their concrete execute method to perform whatever code that we need to do. And then externally, we have some client to bring all this together. So here we have our client that's going to instantiate some strategies. So we have some strategy here. And then we set our context to set to that specific strategy and then call that do something method. So our context will use our strategy. And then at runtime, we might decide to change to a different strategy. All you have to do in that case is instantiate some other strategy. Make our context point to that new strategy. And then call that do something method again. So let's check out the code for this example.