 We've been talking a lot about strings and I have one final topic to talk about and that is mutability. Specifically, that strings are not mutable or in other words they're immutable. Immutable meaning that something is not able to change over time or something is unable to be changed. Specifically, I'm saying that strings are actually immutable. And that whenever you're writing or altering individual characters in a string variable, this is not allowed. Strings cannot be changed once they're created. And instead, if you make an assignment from a string, then a new string is created instead. So for instance, let's say I have this word variable and I assign this string into our word variable. Afterwards, I decide later on that hey, I actually want to capitalize the S inside of the string. So the way that we can do that with our built-in methods is we call the title function. So just to remind her, if you call the title function on a string, then it's going to capitalize the first character in your string. And at first glance, it looks like we're actually modifying our original string. So if you print out word, it'll print out the same word but capitalize. So let me just clarify this one. So this after we print it out, we'll change to this with the capital S right here. So it looks like we did modify our original string, but I just told you that strings are immutable, meaning once you initially set them, they cannot change. But what's happening in reality in the back end is that when you call this function, this original string that we created is unreferenced. It goes away. And the new memory is allocated for this capitalized version of the string. And that capitalized version is then assigned into our original word variable. So that's what I mean when I say that strings are immutable. Yes, you can quote-unquote change them, but the changed version of the string is actually new memory assigned to a new location. So bringing this back to other variable types is that there's a bunch of Python variables or Python types that are immutable. So in floats, complex string, tuple, bytes, frozen set, all these types of variables are immutable, meaning that whenever you try to change them, it'll actually create a new place memory for that variable. And the way that we can kind of prove this is that we can write some code that looks like this. So whenever we assign a value to a variable, we're actually assigning the reference to that value's location and memory. And I'll kind of break this down further along later in the term. But for now, let's look at some code that looks like this. So let's just jump right into the code to show you what this looks like. So here, I'm trying to prove to you that floats in this case are immutable. So what I'm doing is I have this literal value 2.5 here, which is my float. And in this function, what this function does is it tells me the memory address of this literal value of 2.5. And then I'm going to print it out to the screen. Later on, I'm going to say a is equal to 2.5. And then I'm going to print out the type of a. This doesn't really matter. This just says that it's going to be a float. This tells me that tells me a is a float. And then I'm going to do the same thing for this one. Here, I'm going to get that variable a and I'm going to get the memory address of that value a. And then later on here, I'm going to try to change the value of a. So I'm going to do a plus 0.0456. And then assign that back in a. And then once again, print out the value of a. So let's just run the code and see partially what happens. So initially, the literal value of 2.5 is located, if I print the statement out, at the memory address, this number. So this is a memory address right here. And then here, when I print out the type of a, I say that it determines that a is of the type float. And then interestingly enough, after I assign 2.5 into a. And I print out the address of a, check out the memory address. They're actually the same thing. So this is a kind of a neat thingable Python. Is that if you have a value here, 2.5, that matches the value inside of here. They're both actually the same memory address. So A becomes kind of like a pointer to the value. But anyways, that's getting ahead ourselves, just a neat little fact of a little Python. So the main thing I'm trying to address is this line right here. I said earlier that floats are immutable, meaning that when I change the value of A, I can't actually change the original 2.5 value of A. Instead, I create a whole new float. So this creates a whole new float. And then that is assigned back into A. And the way that we can prove that is if we try to print out the address of A, it has changed. So notice that this address of A is different from this address of A. If the addresses were the same, that that would mean that I changed the original value of A. But because the address is different, we know that, no, we didn't actually change the original value of A. We created an entirely new float and assigned it to A. So I know this kind of seems like we're getting into nitty-gritty detail. But a lot of bugs actually come out of this if we don't understand this concept. But so hopefully that's clear at this point so far.