 So, why and when do we use it? So, first point is we use this when the objects behavior, so your context, that behavior is heavily dependent on its state. So, it's almost like its entire behavior changes depending on its whatever state it's going to be in. And you saw earlier when I showed you the data approach, is that if you want to avoid giant if-else statements to handle different states, then this is a great way to avoid that, where we kind of transfer this if-else statement into a whole bunch of different states that exist as their own classes. And this great because it implements the single responsibility principle, which is where each state is its own separate class. And of course it implements the open-close principle because we have one kind of top-level abstract state class, and then whenever you want to create new states, we just kind of keep extending and creating new child state classes. And so, some disadvantages is sometimes if your code is really simple and you only have to say two states, it might be overkill to create a whole design pattern just to handle two very simple states. So, depending on what you're doing, it could just be better off just having very simple if-else statements. And then finally, this is actually a really critical point, is that these state transitions can be quite complex. So, we saw in the game example earlier that when we were in the main menu state, we can go to a gameplay state. When we were in the game over state, we can go to the main menu state. So, this is a simple example. Imagine you have a complicated game where you have like hundreds of different states. And each state is this complex web of possible state transitions to other states. So, because this complex web, it actually creates very tightly coupled states. So, that's a possible issue in the future. And of course, you've seen by now that there's definitely a lot more classes and code to maintain if you have a lot of different states. And you represent each state at its own individual class. So, now that we've seen strategy and the state design pattern, I hope you see that they're actually quite similar. And I wanted this slide just to kind of show how they're different and how you can tell them apart. And the main idea is that they solve different problems. Structurally, they're very similar, but you use one over the other, depending on what you're trying to do. And the strategy design pattern, it's when you want a single, like say a single or a small portion of your object to change at runtime. You want to choose your algorithm at runtime, and these algorithms don't know about each other. And whenever you have your context and your strategy communicating, the interfaces don't have to be the same. So, meaning that the method inside of here that calls this method, the method name doesn't have to be the same. And typically, when you have a strategy, it doesn't have a reference back to the context. Or as if you compare that to the state, the state is when you have pretty much this finite state machine happening, where your object will change its entire behavior, depending on what kind of state it's in, and there's some kind of specific rules as to when you're going to change from one state to another. And this is a key thing right here. Key difference between strategy and state is that the states actually can know about each other. And what I mean by that is states have to know about each other in order for them to actually transition between each other. So, for instance, the game over state had to have knowledge of the main menu state to actually be able to transition to it. And here, another key difference is that the context and the state this typically have some interface that matches. So, in our game example, for instance, we had that one update function. That was the same in terms of naming between the context and the state. They both have a function that's called update. And then finally, the last point, very critical is that the state can have a reference back to the context. So, this is critical in our previous example, because we had to have our state talk to our finance state machine to be able to transition back to a different state. So, finally, the last piece of summary is that we use the strategy design pattern when you want to switch like a single or a very small portion of your behaviors at runtime. Another way of kind of putting it is that you kind of want to be able to swap algorithms at runtime. Whereas, state is a larger version of that where you have an object that can have multiple different behaviors and you want to come in kind of completely to change all these different behaviors depending on what a state you're in. And this allows us to have the object be decoupled from its state.