 I want to end this section off by talking a little bit about designing your classes and functions. And first of all, is we shouldn't jump right into our editor and start coding right away. We should very carefully design our code. And we can do that by following a few steps. The first step is that every class that we write should represent a single, clear, well-defined concept. We should maintain the information by storing data in all of our instance variables. And we perform actions on these instance variables through our methods to modify the state of our program. We shouldn't duplicate data and we shouldn't store more than we need. And finally, we should minimize moving parts, which just means that we should prevent a class from being overbloded from unnecessary functionality. Next is we should always be thoughtful about our identifiers, meaning we should be thoughtful about how we name our functions, variables, and classes. Because we should think of the names that we use as documentation. So we should invest time in finding the appropriate names. So similar names for similar things and different names for different things. We should make names pronounceable. And the source code should tell its own story. I'm of the kind of camp of ideas where we shouldn't write too many comments in our code. All of our identifiers should be clear enough that we can just read the code itself and it'll explain everything we need to do. So public names should be understandable without knowing the internal structure of our class. And finally, we shouldn't joke with the naming of our identifiers. One final note is that a key aspect of object going to programming is collaboration and composition. And what that means is that typically when we create a whole bunch of classes and instantiate objects, objects are typically team players, meaning they should work with each other to get or solve a common problem. So when some other object already has a data and logic to perform some task, we delegate the work to that object. And we see that objects will collaborate to make this happen. So an object will often store its collaborators as its data attributes because it refers to them frequently through its lifetime. So what that means is that when you have a class, typically you have some data members in the class, which is just a reference to another object somewhere else. And we say when we do this, that an object is composed of other collaborators or objects that exist somewhere else, that it trusts with some of its specific responsibilities.