 Next, let's talk about comments and doc strings. And the first thing I want to ask is why do we comment? Well, back in comp 1510, we learned that we want to comment because we want to explain what our code is doing. So if someone else is reading our code, then the comments are very helpful to explain the purpose of all of our code. But I'm of the philosophy that we should strive to have minimal comments in the sense that our variable naming, the way that we name our classes, functions, variables should be clean enough that you can just read our code without comments and understand what's happening. But sometimes comments are necessary. So in that case, the way that we comment in Python is we add a hashtag in front of some text. So for instance, in Java, we normally have the two forward slashes for a single line of comment. But in Python, you just add the hashtag instead for a single line. The next thing I want to talk about are doc strings. So doc strings think of them kind of like Java docs. Java docs for Python. A doc string is just a special kind of comment. And it's just a string literal that describes a chunk of code. And it's implemented as the first statement inside of a module. So in Python, we call all of our files modules. So anything that has a .py extension, we call it a module. We also put doc strings in the beginning of our functions, classes, and method definitions. And it's a way for us to create official, quote, unquote, official documentation for these things. And the way that we do it is we wrap our string literal in three quotes. And this allows us to write a whole chunk of string literals that can span multiple lines. And once we do that by wrapping this code, then Python can actually generate documentation from our blocks of documentation. So I'll show you what I mean. So here, we have our function called add ints. So the first thing that we add before we do anything is we create our doc string. So the way that we do that is we have three quotes. So the triple quotes here at the top and triple quotes here at the bottom. After that, anything within that range, we can just write regular string literals. And this is our documentation. So typically what we do is we write the purpose of our function here. So here we return the sum of the two arguments. Then we describe our parameters. So parameter a and b are our variables, and they are of type integer. And we write any preconditions that we might have. So a and b must be ints. And then we explain our return type. Which is the sum of the ints. After our doc string, we have our actual code that does something. Here are some guidelines when we write our doc string. First of all, our phrases should end in a period. So in our previous example, in our add ints, we had returned the sum of the two arguments to describe what this function does. And then we ended that description with a period. Second is we should describe the effects, the functions effect as a command. So you use some kind of verb. So our function does something or it returns something. Third is that a multi-line doc string must start with a one-line summary. Then it has a blank line and then followed by a more detailed description of that doc string. Finally, how this all comes together is that suppose we write a program called mymodule.py. And then our first statement in the file is our triple-quote wrapped string. And this triple-quote wrap string becomes the doc string for our file. And then somewhere else, we have some other file that wants to use our mymodule.py. What happens now is that the other file will look like this. We're going to import my module. And then by writing our doc string, we can call a built-in function called help. So when we call help on my module, that's going to query the doc string that we wrote in our mymodule here. And then if we wrote some doc strings in the function within my module, then we can query that as well with the help. So this might seem kind of confusing. So let's look at an example. So here we have our code for mymodule. And you'll see that in my module, I have the triple quotes here. That's our doc string. And then any text that I put within the triple quotes will appear later on if I'm asking for help on this module. And then also have a function called myfunction. And then in that myfunction, I have a doc string within here that's explaining what my function does. So in this case, my function prints my function. Like the string, my function. I'll go something like that. And then it returns nothing. So that's it. So I have one doc string for my entire module as a whole that will explain what the purpose of this entire module does. And then I have a second doc string here that explains specifically what this function does. So here's one module. And then I have a second module over here called calling my module. So over here, I first of all show you one thing is I will let's say, I'm going to type in something like that. Okay, it won't work like this exactly from my slides. The reason is because I put this code in a folder. So this is seeing from the my module example folder right here, from this folder, I want to import my module a Python file. If this wasn't in the folder then I can do something like this instead. But because they're in a folder that has to be in this format. So all I'm doing is I'm saying that is I in this Python file, I want to import my other module file. And then let's say I didn't know how to use this my module. So then I would query help. So help is a built in function in Python. And it's going to look inside of this module and then see any doc strings that are in the top level. So if I run this, I just want to make sure right click and then run this one. And we see that for this, by running this help statement, it prints out all of this stuff here. So we see that when we print out help, it finds that my module has one top level doc string right here. So demonstrating doc string, that was this part right here. And then also it prints out the doc string that is in my function. So this is saying that this module has a name called my module and has a doc string that's located here. And it also has some functions in it. And that function is called my function. And the doc string that exists within there prints out this stuff. So you see that this part right here is the doc string that I wrote right here. So if I go back and let's say, let's say I didn't want to print out all the different doc strings in my module. And in this case, I just want to print out the doc string for the function. So I just type in help as the function name and then I call the module with the dot notation and then have the name of the function. So I don't want to do this by calling the function. I just run right the name of my function. So if I run this once again, look at how this one's different. So in this case, it's only going to print out the doc string for the function itself instead of all the different doc strings in the module.