 What I showed you in the previous slide is probably the best example of where you would use multiple inheritance, where you have very, very simple interfaces with empty methods. And all the methods have different names. Problems start to arise when we have multiple inheritance with classes that have the same method names. So let's start looking at different problems that can occur. And one of them is the diamond problem. So let's check out this inheritance structure. We have some base, base class. And then we have two child classes, left subclass and a right subclass. And then finally we have a grandchild subclass down here. So notice that all of them have a call me function. And at first glance, just by looking at the structure, it doesn't look bad. Everything looks fine. We have a subclass inheriting from two parents, the left subclass and right subclass. And then that subclass itself also has a grandparent up here. Nothing too crazy. But if we start to look a little closer, some questions might begin to appear. So the subclass inherits from left subclass, which means it also inherits from base. So subclass inherits from this one, which technically also means it inherits from this base. And if the subclass inherits from the right subclass, does that mean it also inherits from a second base? So are there two grand parents here? So does that mean that subclass has two instances of the base class inside of its inheritance hierarchy? Or is there only one? So the diamond problem is one of the trickiest aspects of multiple inheritance. Because we have to figure out the order in which methods are executed. Since all of our classes have a call me method, what order is the call me method actually going to be invoked in? So if someone invokes the call me method in subclass, and then the subclass has to call one of its parents to call the call me function, which one's invoked? Is the call me function called on the left subclass? So if I call this call me, and then this subclass tries to call its parents call me subclass, or its parents call me function, which one's called? Is it going to be calling the left one? Is it going to be calling the right one? Does it call both? Or does it call the grandparents call me function? Like it's a really difficult question. So let's try to answer it. So let's say if we call the call me method of a subclass, in what order do we call the call me methods of its superclass? So let's check out some code to try to answer this question. Okay, so this code is modeling the code that we saw in the slides. We have some top level base class. We have the left subclass here. We have the right subclass here. And the very, very bottom, I've renamed it as child class, but this is just the very, very bottom level subclass. And the question is that if we have a main, and then this main is creating an instance of my child class, I'm going to call it test object, and I call the call me method, which is this one. How do I call the parents? How do I call the parents call me method? In this case, my child class is inheriting from two parent classes, the left subclass and the right subclass. So one way that I can manually call the parents call me method is just to go like this. So notice that if I want to call my parents, call me method, I first have to explicitly have the name of my parent class, and then I have the dot notation, and I call the call me method in the parent. One extra little bit is if you call a method from within your hierarchy, make sure you pass yourself as a parameter. Because if we look at all of our methods inside of a class, they always have self. So in this case, because I'm calling, let's check out the left subclass. In the left subclass, the call me method is expecting itself, so that's all we have to pass in self in this case. So this is one way we can do it. We're explicitly calling left subclass as call me method and then passing itself, and then we also call the right subclass as call me method to call self. So this kind of looks like we're explicitly calling the left and right branches. So let's just run this code and see what the output looks like. And we'll try to trace it through. Okay, so first we have call me printed and these lines, which is right here, then we create an instance of my child class, and then we call the call me method. So now we're in this call me method, and then we're printing out the child class method is executed, which is here. Then we're going to execute the left subclasses call me method. So if I scroll all the way up to the left subclass here, we're entering this call me method here. So then it's going to print out left subclass method execute, which is right here. And then this class will then also have to chain its call upwards as well to call its parent. So then we're calling the base class call me. So once again, when you want to call the parents, a method, you have to precede them with the name of the parent. So my parent is called base class. So we have to have base class a name here. So that we're calling call me method there. So then we go to the base class, call me method, and that prints out this one. So that's where we get this line right here. At this point, we're done. So we exit out of this function. We're done here. So we exit out of this left subclass function or method. And then we go all the way back to hit this line here. So we're finished this stream of method calls. Then we do the same thing for the right subclass. So we go to the right subclass, which is executed here. And then we print out this one. And then same idea, we want to call the parents call me method of our base class. So we call that one. And then we could this one, which we print out here. So that's fine. I mean, this kind of works where this is one way that we can force our our child class to call the parent classes. But hopefully notice something a little bit weird. Just by looking at this printouts, even though I created a single instance of my child class, it almost looks like I have two grandparents. Because notice here, I have a base class method executed. And I have another printout of base class method executed. So this raises part of the diamond problem. So if we go back to our slides, notice that in our code, it appears as though there are two base cramp grandparent classes. If we call the parents call me method directly, that seemed kind of weird. We still don't know which parents method call me method function is called in this case, because we're explicitly doing ourselves. So one solution to this is Python has the super keyword. So I'm sure you're familiar with this super concept from Java, but super will automatically call the parent class of our subclass. So from if I'm in my subclass and I call super, it's going to automatically choose whichever whichever class is determined to be the parent of my subclass. So whether that's left subclass or right subclass, Python will determine that for me. And the way it determines it is by something called method resolution order. We'll get into this detail, or we're going to get into this in detail a little bit later. But let's just kind of take that a face value right now. So let's check out this diamond solution. So now we're in our diamond solution file. And in this case, all I'm doing is that in all of my code, instead of directly calling my parents call me methods, I'm just going to call super and then let Python determine itself who the parent is of this child class. So I'm just going to call super that's going to grab the parent class. It's going to turn determine whether it's left or right. And then it's going to call the call me method on it. Same idea for all the rest of my subclasses. I'm going to call super, call me for my left one. Also calling super call me and then for the base, that's the last ones that there is no super call me. So let's just try to run this and see what happens. So the main method is exactly the same. And you see it from the output, that first we have the call me with the lines, then we create our object and we call call me. So then in here, we print out child class method executed. And then down here, we let Python determine who our parent is in this hierarchy. And it determines that the left subclass is our parent. So this super is going to automatically go to the left subclass and then print out this one. And then it's going to call super on the left subclass. And then actually determine this might seem a little weird. It determines that the right subclass is actually the parent of our left subclass. So this super call goes down to here to execute this code. And then finally, when we call super on the right subclass, that seems to go to the base. So our base is right here and it prints out this one. So the reason this is happening, where the right subclass is a parent of left and then the base is a parent of right is that although in in our diagrams, we have this nice diamond shape, where it seems like the base is the grandparent of the left and right and then the left and the right are the parent of subclass. At some point behind the scenes, we have to kind of squish this diagram to be more of a linear relationship. So subclass has a parent of left subclass and then left subclass parent is right subclass and then the parent of that one is base. That's called the method resolution ordering. And we'll talk about other naming conventions for this approach. All right, so the next problem is, okay, the previous example worked where the call me methods didn't have any parameters. So in this case, notice all of them had no parameters. How about the case where we have multiple inheritance, but every single method has a different number of parameters that it's expecting. So the base is expecting name and age, left subclass is also expecting name and age, but the right subclass is expecting only weight. And then the subclass down here or child class is expecting height. How do we handle this case? So luckily, we can use what we learned before by using variable keyword argument lists. So notice in this case, what we've done is we still have all the different arguments that we're expecting that we saw in the previous slide, but what we've done instead is we've now added another parameter, which is the quarks. So in this case, we're saying that, okay, I don't know what arguments I'm going to be accepting, but anything that I don't list here, I'm going to capture with this quarks variable keyword argument list. So as a reminder, this quarks is pretty much like a dictionary. It's going to capture everything. So all these have quarks at the end to capture any parameters that we don't know where to get. So let's check this out. All right. So in this code, we're still taking this multiple inheritance structure. Let's start from the top. We have our base class and it has a call me method and it's going to take in some parameters, a name and age. And you see that they're defaulted to some value. And then we were also accepting the quarks. So this the purpose of this quarks is to capture any named arguments that we don't know that we might get. And then in this code, in the code of the space class, we're just going to print out what the quarks is and then print out what the name and age parameters we're getting are going to be. Then in the left subclass, very similar concept, we're capturing name and age, also capturing a dictionary quarks and then printing out what those concepts are going to be. And then here is something a little interesting. It's that after we print out what the name and age are, I want to call my parent, which is what we did before. Every time we get to call me method call, we want to call our parent. So we have super call me. But then here, I want to pass back to my parent, all the information that I got back. So we're passing back the name. So the variable name name is equal to the name value that I'm getting in. I'm creating a new variable called age, which has the value saved an age. And I'm also passing back the quarks. So the reason that is double star here is that remember that quarks is a dictionary. And then whenever we pass back variables into a function, we want to pass them back in an unpacked manner because in our base parent, we were expecting this in a dictionary format. So when we're expecting quarks like this, we have to pass in our variables in an unpacked version. So this is the unpacked version here. And then it when it's in the variable declaration line right here, this is kind of like declaring that we're creating quarks. But we'll see that later once you run the code. And so when we go to the right subclass, it's very same concept. We're expecting a weight. We're taking them in as a quarks. And then whenever we call the supers, call me method. Once again, we want to unpack our quarks before we pass them back in the parent. And then we have our child class that has the multiple inheritance in it, takes in a height, and then also takes in our quarks. And then same idea, we're going to print out some information and then call our super with the unpacked quarks as well. Okay, so let's trace through this from the starting from the main. So I'm going to run this code first because there's some little quirks that we should be aware of. Okay, so let me just comment out this one first as well because we're to get into MRO later on in the lectures. So here's the call me execution order right here. And then we create an instance of our child class. And then when we call the call me method in the child class, we're going to be naming all the variables that we're passing back. So we have name, age, weight, and height. All these are going to be strings. And the cool thing is that when we pass all these four different variables to our call me method, all of these are going to be captured in our function argument list. So if we go to the call me method in child class here here, the quarks is going to capture everything. But notice that height is separate, is separated out from the quarks. So we notice that height here is separated out from the quarks. So here's something you have to keep in mind. Any arguments that you explicitly state in your function argument list will be extracted out separately from the quarks. So inside of this dictionary will only be name, age, and weight. It'll have three key value pairs inside the quarks. And then height is going to be saved separately into this height variable. And the way that I'm going to prove that to you is by printing out what is inside of quarks. So this is this printout right here. So notice that only name, age, and weight are saved into quarks. And then height is saved separately into its own height parameter or argument. So that's why when we print out height, height is its own separate thing right here. So when we pass back quarks to wherever super is going to be, this quarks will only contain name, age, and weight. It will not contain height. So this one only has the three name, age, and weight values in it. All right. So I think we recall that when we call super call me that it calls the left subclass. So name, age, and height or sort of name, age, and weight are passed to the left subclass. So remember that when we do double star quarks, this means we're unpacking this dictionary back out into three separate one, two, three, three separate values. So these three separate values are passed into the left subclass here. All right. So same idea happens here. We have three values that we're passing back. Name is going to be saved into name here, age is going to be saved into age here. And then weight because it was not captured by actual variable, anything that's left over is going to be saved into quarks here. So this dictionary has only the value of weight and 80 in it. So we can prove that by printing out whatever is in quarks. So we see that quarks only has the weight and 80 in there. And then the rest of it, we're just printing out the name and age values directly. So name and age is right here. All right. So you might be wondering, okay. So quarks only has the weight and the value 80 in there. What if I want to put the name and age back back into my quarks? So this is how we do it. So we call their super with a call me method. And then here quarks only has the weight 80 in there. So that's fine. Let's just unpack that quarks and extract the weight 80. And then this line is effectively recreating an entirely new dictionary. We're creating a new dictionary that contains the name. So variable name name, with the value stored in name, and then we're creating a new age variable with the value inside of age. So this, it's almost like we're repacking or putting these all these components. We're repacking it into a new dictionary. So then all this information is then sent into the right subclass. So our right subclass only cares about where the weight. So here inside the right subclass, we extract out the weight into the weight variable and then quarks has the name and age, I believe. So yeah, here when we print out what is inside of quarks, it only has the name and the age and then the weight is separate and extracted outside of it. And then finally, when you're the end, we're going to pass everything back into our base class. So in this case, quarks only has name and age in our quarks. So we unpack the name and age and then pass it back into the base class. So finally, we're in our base class and we're passing in name and age. And these are going to be extracted from the parameters that we're passing in. So what that means is that because name and age are captured here, there's nothing left in quarks. So when we print out base class, this is showing that quarks has nothing left in it in its dictionary. And then we finally print out the name and age of our base class. All right. So that is how you handle different classes with different numbers of arguments for the calling methods.