 So hopefully with the previous simple example, you know at least the concept of what a facade does. So let's look at a bit more involved example. Let's say I wanted to create a program that does some video conversion. And you can see from this class diagram that video conversion itself requires a lot of steps. You have to worry about audio mixing with the video file is, wording about some codex, whether it's org or mpc compression and bitrate. This is a lot of things to consider for the client. And oftentimes a client doesn't want to have to worry about this. All the client wants to do is they want to call a single convert video method. Give it a file name and the format that they want it in. And then the conversion will happen on its own. So we're going to try to do this by creating a video converter facade. So here we have our video converter facade that has a single method. And then inside of that method, it's going to do a bunch of calls to all these separate classes. So let's check out the code to see what this looks like. All right. So this example has two separate files. There's going to be a video package facade example and a video manipulation package. Let's just look at the video manipulation package first. This module is representing this cloud over here of all these separate classes. So we have like video frame, video file, some codex, uh, org and mpeg codex, some codec factory, some bitrate that helps us read and convert. Audio mixtures. The code itself doesn't do much. It's just printing out some things. But this is just to give you an idea of all the different classes that we need to make our converter convert the video. Then we have the video package facade example. So we see that we have a bunch of classes in our cloud. The next thing is we have our video converter facade. And the purpose of this is to hide the complexity of calling all these different classes and all their methods from the client. So all we're doing is we're providing a simple convert method. And that has a file name and a format that the client will specify. And then within here, we're going to do all of our code to set up the necessary codex and bitrates and all these things that we want. So here we're calling our video file, um, creating instance of that, calling our codec to specifically extract this video file, do some logic to check if we want an mp4 or an org format, and then call some bitrate reader to do some reading, converting, and fixing. So all this code is hidden from the client. And that's the purpose of the facade. And if the end result is we have a converted video for the client in the end. So that in the in the main, this is representing our client. So from the client's perspective, all they have to do is call my facade, call the convert method, and then give it a file name and the format that it wants to convert it to. So then when I run this program, you see that even though the client is only calling a single method, it's actually hiding all this complexity of all these calls. So all these printouts are just happening because these are the printouts that are happening in the video manipulation packages themselves. So whenever we're instantiating video files, so for instance, if I trace this through, if I call convert, I pass in this file name and that type. So the file name is passed into this one here. And if we go to video file in the manipulation package, we see that video file will call a constructor here, pass in the file name, and it prints out this one. So that's our first line right here. When we extract the video file, let's go to the codec factory and call the extract method. So in our codec factory, wherever that one is, right here in the extract method, it looks like it's going to call creating codec on video file. So that's one right here. And then go back here. I think we're passing in a org file as well. So yeah, we're passing in a org. So then destination here, we should be calling this code right here. So org compression codec is called so org compression codec. Is this one so org codec is created? I'm curious why it's calling the mpeg as well. That one seems a little weird to me. I'll probably put a break point to see why that is. Just for fun. Oh, it's because the codec factory itself will automatically create a mpeg compression codec. So that's fine. Fair enough. So let's just run this one again. So we get our org codec is created because of this call. And then in the bit rate reader, we're calling the read method. So if you go to bit rate reader, read method, it says it's going to be reading this dog bloopers via this codec into a buffer. And then writing from file. So this one is called on this line. So we're converting our buffer result object into the destination codec. So we're calling convert writing from buffer. So writing file from apparently, the buffer is none and converting it to org compression codec. So converting it via this one's probably the name of the class, which is org compression codec class. And at the end, we call fix on whatever that result is. So we call the audio mixers fix method. It gets this video and don't even use it. So it just prints out this fixing audio levels right here. And then we end it. So yeah, hopefully that gives you an idea of how you would use the facade pattern. And so just one final thing to mention is that so far, I've shown you how you can create your facade with like a single class with a single facade. And this slide is here to emphasize that you don't have to only have a single facade. Let's say you wanted to add additional functionality without breaking the single responsibility principle. In this case, you can have a video converter that is focused on let's say all the video conversion method calls within your cloud of classes here. And then within this facade itself, it also has a member variable called video encoder. And that's just of this video encoder facade here. So this video encoder itself is another facade that's focused on encoding videos. So then maybe the video converter itself will do the video converting methods. And then it'll call the encoder to do all the encoding methods inside of here. So why and when do we use facades? So it's great whenever we want to encapsulate and hide data from the client. When we want to avoid complex architectures, even if different parts of your code were dependent on complex tools, libraries or subsystems, we want to use it if we only want to use a small part of a larger and more complex system. And if you want to organize your system in a separate layers. And then the disadvantage of a facade is that hopefully even in our simple video converter example, you saw that facades can actually become an extremely complex and large class to maintain, especially if you have a single facade that's maybe doing more functionality than it should. So in our video converter example, maybe it wasn't just doing video converting, but it was doing audio converting save loading for a game. So it's really important to really keep your facade focused on its purpose. And then finally, it can become a epicenter of coupling, meaning it can be just one giant class that is coupled to maybe 50 different classes. So again, that boils down to keeping your facade focused to only be coupled with what it needs to do to complete its task.