 Next, let's introduce you to variables and functions. So we've already seen a little bit about functions in our previous Hello World example, but let's break it down a little bit more. So all functions begin with a D E F return type. So typically in Java C++ you have void. If a function doesn't return anything or you have int or whatever you want. If you do want to return something. But in this case all functions whether whether they return something or not. Always begin with a deaf keyword. After that, it's the name of your function. So in this case we have a function named ad. And then we have our typical parameters. So in this case this ad function takes in two parameters a and b. And notice we don't have to actually specify the type of the parameters. These are just the variable names a and b. The types are going to be inferred by Python. And then finally notice that we have a semicolon. Or sorry, nice semicolon a colon at the very end here. So in red we have the colon. So that designates that we're we've now finished our function header or function signature. And now we're going to begin writing code down here. So notice also that there are no curly braces. So typically in Java let's say we have curly braces to show the beginning and end of the body of our function. But in Python we don't have curly braces. In fact the way that we separate all of our code sections is purely by indentation. So here notice that there's a indentation right here. All of the code that is in the ad function has to have one level of indentation to designate. Where the code of the ad fits into that body. So it's not the indentation isn't just for readability, but it's required by Python to separate our different code sections. So if I change the previous code by removing the indentation here, this actually would not work. There'd be a compiler error and it would just tell us expected an indented block. But you don't have it. So hopefully we can get around the idea that whenever we want to add curly braces in Java, just delete the curly braces and just add indentations instead. Second thing is that Python is a dynamically typed language. So what that means is that all of our variable types are typically inferred. Meaning you don't have to explicitly say that this is an integer five that's being put into this num num1 variable. Or an integer num2 where we're going to put 10 into it. That's all done for you in Python, which makes it really easy to write really clean code. And the same idea applies for our parameters in a function. So you mentioned this earlier, but notice that a and b don't say int a int b. It's just the variable names a and b. So if you really, really wanted to to make it clear for other programmers, you can you can add a type. So in this case, we have the variable name a, we have the colon and then int. So this is saying that to other programmers, hey, my intention is that this variable a is supposed to be an int. And this variable b is also supposed to be an int. But just so you know, this is purely for readability. It's just to let other programmers know your intention, meaning even though we put int here, we can actually still pass in strings or objects or whatever you want. So this int doesn't prevent us from passing in types other than int into here. So I've already mentioned that all functions begin with d E F. And this D E F is used in place avoid or all the different return types that you're used to in Java. So there's no need to specify if a function is void, if it doesn't return anything, or a return type, if it does return something. So once again, if you really, really wanted to specify what your intention was behind a function is you can add this arrow and then int to specify that my intention behind this function is I want this function to return it int. But once again, it's purely for readability. It doesn't change the functionality of that function. In fact, this function can say it's returning an int, but we can write the code to return a string, let's say, and it would return a string. So this is purely for readability.