 Alright, so I like to begin by looking at the more of the implementation side. In this case, this is the device. And for the device, I'm going to have an abstract iDevice interface. So that's this iDevice here. It's going to represent this device part of the diagram. And then this iDevice is meant to represent the abstract idea of a radio and a TV. So we're going to have all the methods to enable, disable, get and set volume and get and set methods. So we're going to begin by having an initializer that has a 50 volume, some channel, and enabled equals to true. The state whether that device is on or off. Then we have a bunch of abstract methods to represent all the behaviors that we want. So we have enable, disable, get and set volume, and get and set channel. So you notice that all of them are abstract and all of them are empty as well. So this is all on purpose because this is supposed to be an abstract class. So let's go ahead and implement the radio and the TV. So I think the first one, or the implement, is the radio. So our radio inherits from our iDevice. So in the initializer, we're setting volume to 50, channel to channel, enabled, equal to true. And then at this point, we have to actually add the correct logic to make our code do something. So for the enabled function or method, we want to be able to set the enabled, boolean to true or false. So if it's enabled, you set it true, disable, equal false, get volume just a simple, getter. So we return our volume. Set volume will set our volume to whatever percent that we pass in. Get channel just returns the name of the channel and set channel will set our channel. And then we have our string method. So in this case, we're going to state that we are a radio and we print out the rest of our information to state whether the radio is on or off, what volume it set, and what channel it's set to. Then we have our TV that we're going to implement here. So for our TV, that also inherits from iDevice. So for its initializer, same thing, volume is 50, channels are channel, enables, equal to true. And then to be honest, I think the rest of it's identical. So all of this code is identical and the only thing that's different is my string method. So this is only different in the sense that it's printing out TV and then instead of radio, and all this is just enabled volume and channel. And if I was really smart, I can probably put all this code up into the abstract base class because they're all pretty much the same. But that's fine. We'll just have it completely written out in each of the concrete classes. All right, so that's it for the device side of the hierarchy. Next is I want to implement the remote. So again, in this case, the remote is pretty much going to be acting as the interface part of things. But I realize that we're really only going to have a single remote in this case. So we're going to implement it as a concrete remote object. And because this is more of the abstract part of the pattern, then we're going to have to have a bridge to connect this abstract part with the actual concrete implementation part. And our bridge is going to be our little pointer reference device here. And this device is going to be actually pointing to this device concrete object here. So for our remote class, we have our initializer and we're going to take in some device as our parameter. And we're going to set our device. So I created this little method called set device, which simply sets our member variable device to whatever is pasting. And this set device is going to act as our bridge. So self device is our bridge to device that we're pointing at, which is going to be radio or TV. And then we actually have to have all of this code do something. So since this is acting kind of like our interface, we have this method called toggle power. And all that does is it's going to toggle between on and off states for our device. So we have some simple logic here that says if the device is enabled, we set. We forward this call to the device to be disabled. Otherwise, it's currently disabled. So it's forward the call to the device to become enabled. And then we also have volume up method. So in this case, we want to call this when we want to increase the volume by some set amount. So what we do is we call the device to get the volume multiplied up by some small amount. And then we also forward that call to the device, which is our bridge to set the volume. And volume down is a similar idea, but in this case, we want to reduce the volume. So we get the current volume, multiply it by some number below one, and then send that value to the device's set volume method. And then when we want to change the channel, we just call the set channel method in a device. And then this was just our little helper method for set device. And that's it. So hopefully you kind of understand how the remote is acting almost like an interface to access the more complicated logic inside of our device over here. All right. So next we're missing the advanced remote. So the advanced remote just has one additional functionality to it, and that's the ability to mute. In other words, turn the volume all the way to zero directly. So this advanced remote is inheriting from remote, and we have our mute method, and all that does is it's going to call our device bridge and directly set the volume to zero. And that's it. All right. So let's see how we can put all this together. Currently we have the remote, advanced remote, with our nice bridge into our device, and we also have our concrete radio and TV devices. So next thing is our client, which is going to be our main method. So here I'm doing different combinations of remotes and devices. And the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create a TV object. And then for that TV object, I'm going to make a remote point to it. So the way I'm going to do that is I create my TV object, and it passed that TV object into my remote. And what that's going to do is that for my remote, that TV object is passing to here, and it's set in this method so we can create our bridge. So now our remote is pointing at our TV. So after this line, our remote is currently pointing at our TV, and I'm saving that into a my remote variable. So then here when I print it out, it just prints out some information about that TV. And then here I'm just changing the channel of my TV to the cartoon network. I'm going to print out the information again, and then here I'm calling my toggle power method. So if it's currently on, it'll switch it off. It was coming off just switching it on. So let me just comment out some of this code first, and let's just give this a run. See what it looks like. Alright, so when we first create our TV object, so we print out this combo TV1, and then when we first create that object and assign the remote to it, then we print out this statement. We're actually printing out this. So this is saying that our remote is currently pointing at TV. It's currently on with the volume of 50, and it's currently has a default channel, a channel. And then once I change the channel to cartoon network and print it out again, then it's going to print out that our channel has currently changed to the cartoon network. And then when this method is called our toggle power will change our TV, so it's changed it from true to false. So once this code is executed, we have this printed. So hopefully that makes sense so far. And let me just actually trace through this a little bit quickly. So I create my TV object. I showed you this how it's passed into here. So our remote is pointing at our TV, and then I'm going to call it change channel on a remote. So if I go to the remote, go to the change channel method. This is going to call my TV object to set the channel to the cartoon network. So if I go to the set channel method inside of my TV object, I think this is the TV. Yep, this is the TV set channel sets cartoon network into this self. channel. And then for last one was a toggle functionality. So my remote toggle power is going to call the toggle power method here inside of my remote class. And then the current self that devices the TV. So currently the TV is enabled. So this is true. Therefore we're going to call the disabled method inside of my TV. So if I go to my TV method, then disabled will set it to false. And we see in our output, we do get a false result there. All right, so that's cool. So that's part one. So in this first part, we made a regular remote point to a TV. So in this next part, I'm going to have an advanced remote point to a radio. So first thing I do is I create a radio object. And then I pass that radio object into my advanced remote class. So just as a bit of reminder, here is my advanced remote class. And it may look empty here, but just remember that we have to keep in mind whenever we inherit from a parent class, we pretty much are copying all these methods and then pasting them in here. So therefore when we pass in our radio into advanced remote, we're actually calling the initializer of remote. So we're actually passing in the radio into the initializer in the parent remote class. So therefore we're setting the self.device equals the device. Let's move this up a little higher. So it's easier to see like that. So self.setdevice calls this one, and we set our bridge to point to our radio in this case. Okay, so currently we have an advanced remote that's pointing to a radio. And I print out its initial status, and the new ability for an advanced remote is it has this new mute method. So let me just run this and we'll trace it through together. So this first print out is this part. We've created our advanced remote to point to a radio. We printed out. And we'll see that the radio is currently on 50 volume with some default channel. And then when I call them myremote.mute, this is going to call the advanced remote's mute method. So if you go to the mute method, we see that in the advanced remote, we call remote, we call mute. And then we call the device, which is our radio, to set the volume to zero. And if I quickly pop over to the radio method, radios, set volume method, you see that when we set volume, it directly just sets the value to zero. So when it comes time for me to print out, after I've muted my radio, you see that the value is now zero instead of 50. And then the toggle power, it's the same functionality we had before. It turns off a whatever device we're pointing at. So advanced remote is pointing at our radio. So now it changed from being on to off, so it's false. So then one final cool thing I want to show you is that sure, these are great. We have one original remote pointing to a TV, and we have a completely separate advanced remote that's pointing to a radio. And the cool thing is that at runtime, you can make your remote point to any device that you want. So what I'm doing in this third example is myremote is currently pointing at the advanced remote. At least on, let's say this line, everything up to this line, we are all pointing at the advanced remote is pointing to the radio. What if now instead I want my advanced remote to point back to the TV, so I can very easily do that. So for my advanced remote, I'm going to call a set device method to now point to the TV. So after this line is executed, the advanced remote is pointing at the TV. And the reason I'm doing that is I want the advanced remote to now point to the TV and mute its volume. So that's what I'm calling on this code. For the myremote, we just currently advanced remote, it's pointing to the TV and then muting it. So we see in the printouts, we have combo three, right here, we're making the advanced remote point to the TV, and then muting the TV. So we call the mute method inside of our advanced remote. And then currently the device is set to pointing at the TV, so we're setting the volume to the TV to zero. So you see that the TV has changed to zero volume, whereas before, so we're currently at the TV, whereas before the TV was at 50 billion. So that's kind of the power of the bridge pattern is that at runtime, you can make your remote over here, change its bridge to point to any device that you want. And it'll just work dynamically. So it's kind of acting like a pointer. This device, remember variable is acting kind of like a pointer to whatever device you want.