 So in the previous video, I showed you how you can run the profiler using either PyCharm or Python Shell. And let's say you didn't want to do that. You want to just run it straight in a command line with one single line. And it's very easy to do that. You just invoke Python itself, have a dash M, we're calling the C profile module. And then optionally, you can add these two extra tags. So you can have a dash O and then provide a output file name. And then also you can add a dash S, which will sort your results in whatever order that you want. And then finally, you provide the Python module that contains the code that you want to profile. So like altogether, it kind of looks like this. So let's say I have a module called profile underscore acumen dot p y. And I want to profile that. So you just call Python, dash M, call us a profile module, and then dash S and then name. So name is a specific way to sort our profile or a profile acumen module. So personally, I still like using PyCharm more. So the next few slides will explain how to do that. So here's how we're going to profile in PyCharm. And I'll actually switch over to PyCharm itself to show you this instead of the slides. Okay. So I'll open up my profile acumen module. And all you have to do is you right click that module that you want. And then you go to profile, profile acumen. So right here, so profile, my module profile acumen. So left click on that one. And it's going to think for a bit. And then it's going to, it should automatically pop up this tab over here. So I'm just going to close these other tabs for now. And notice that this tab is the, is I guess the name of my location right now. It's my student number or BCIT number. But it has a P stat extension. And this is actually your profile on the spot in a more of a summarized format instead of that big table of numbers that we saw earlier. And so we still have most of the same information. You have the name of the function that was called and the modules over here. Then you have your call count. The time it took in milliseconds to execute all these call counts as well as some kind of percentage time it took to execute that in terms of the overall program execution. And then you have, I guess the time it took to call this function in its own primitive format. And then I guess more, yeah, just the overall time as well in the primitive format. So let me just make sure I'm not going too fast. So yeah, so this is called the statistics statistics tab, which shows you all the information that I've just went over. And it's in this P stat format. And then you also have something called a call graph. So the next tab over you have a call graph. So if you click on that one, that'll show you the same information, but in more of a visual format. So this will help you see your whole module, whole modules profile visually. So we can see that this is the module itself and overall it took 330 milliseconds to call it. And then I called a few different things. I called it some built in modules in Python. And I called my own main function here. And then finally, this main function itself, I guess it called another built in module over here. And then the main function that took up all the time is the acrimon function here. So it also has information about how many times it was called up here. This is 693,000 times. Total time and the own, you can see the own time specifies that this is the time it took in this specific function call. Whereas in this one, for instance, in main, it didn't take any time in itself, but it took most of the total time in somewhere else. And so color wise, you can see that the areas that took the most time are in red and the areas that didn't take much total time are in green. So some navigation tips for you is that let's say that you are back in the statistics and you're like, whoa, this function is taking up a lot of time and not only a lot of time here, but it has a high call count. So I want to investigate what this function is. So instead of looking at the name and search in your code, you can just right click the function that's causing the issues and then click on navigate to source. And that will bring you directly to the function that's causing or taking up so much time, I should say. So here's my Ackerman module. So you have my Ackerman function. I have a main function that's doing some things and then my pre-main function over here. So another navigation thing you can do is from here, you can also go straight to the call graph as well. So if you go to show on call graph, it will highlight the specific function that you want to focus on. So if I click on main, right click it, click on show on call graph, then it's going to highlight main over here. So similar idea, you can also navigate around from this screen as well. So you can also right click here and navigate to source. So from the call graph, you can go directly to the source as well. So this activates, goes into the area that's causing all the issues. Okay. So you're probably wondering what is this Ackerman function we're talking about. So don't worry about too much about how it works, but all it is, it's some mathematical function that is meant to take up a lot of time. So recursive function that takes a very long time. And how we're invulking it in the code is we're just providing in two parameters. And then the higher the number that I provide, the longer this algorithm is going to take. So you don't have to memorize this at all, but this is just showing you what it is doing behind the scenes. So you start with n plus 1. And then it's going to recursively call itself with m minus 1 and then passing 1. And after that, if m is greater than 0 and n is greater than 0, it's also going to recursively call itself. So depending on different situations, it's going to call itself in different ways. So in my code, I represented that previous function or mathematical function in code form. It's equal to 0. Just return n plus 1. If m is greater than 0 and n is equal to 0, then let's recursively call myself by documenting m with 1 and then passing 1 as well. Otherwise, if m and n are greater than 0, then that's like double call our self recursively. And so over here in my main, I'm just calling my acumen function with two different numbers. And the higher than these numbers are, the more time it's going to take. So I guess the first thing I want to show is that we can actually call our, let me see, let me just try to call my code regularly because I'm doing some extra stuff. So let's say I don't do this code here and I just try to call my code directly. Yes. You might notice that if I try to just call main and main itself just calls my acumen function, that it crashes right away. And the reason it's crashing is that by default, Python has a limit to the number of recursive calls a function can make. So that this is the error that we have. We have a recursion error, maximum recursion depth exceeded in comparison. So you can get around that limit by setting the limit yourself. So here, I'm just getting the current limit by default and just printing it to the screen. And then I'm setting it to a new limit. So if I run this regularly, we can see that by default, Python has a limit of a thousand recursions, maximum of a thousand recursions that a function can call on itself. And this is very much platform dependent. So I can't say for your machine if it's also a thousand. But regardless, I'm just explaining that you can change the recursion limit here by calling the system dot set recursion limit to whatever number you want it. So I just happened to randomly throw in 10,000 just to make this work. So in my slides, for instance, I think I did something very similar where I just, yeah, I'm getting the current recursion limit. And just to print it out to see what the limit is and then I'm also setting the limit as well. So yeah, you can definitely try this out on your machine. And then just based on the recursion graph that you see, just try to see if you can answer these questions. How long did this take? How many function calls took place? Were they primitive? Were they recursive? How many different functions were invoked to execute your code? And what else did you see that looks helpful or neat to help you figure out or identify where in your code issues are happening? So try this both in pie charm as well as with this line in your command line as well. I want to end things off by talking about a few more of the limitations of profilers, specifically the accuracy. The first is that profilers themselves will only update or tick once every millisecond. So therefore, no measurement can be more accurate than 0.001 second. The second is that profilers themselves have some kind of delay or lag when they're doing their measurements. And this delay happens from when an event occurs to when the profiler has a call to get the time to when the time actually gets read. So all this this whole process introduces some delay and not only that, but when we call function, these functions can be called many times, which will then call sub functions. And all this whole process kind of keeps adding up these small inaccuracies over time to potentially grow into a bigger and bigger issue. So that's this last point. This error usually is less than the accuracy of one tick. But if your program is running for a long time or there's many function calls, then these errors can become significant. So all this being said is not saying not to use profilers. I think the overall benefit of profilers identifying some slow code or something taking a long time of will still be accurate. It's just that we should take the times that profilers give us with the grain of salt. We should look at a bigger picture and just see which areas of a code tick long time versus being really nitpicky about how how accurate each of these time measurements are reported.