 Now we're finally getting into file handling. In other words, how do we write code so we can read and write to files outside of Python? So generally, we follow a sequence of events when we want to work with files in Python. First, we want to open the file by specifying some encoding, the file mode, and the file name that we want to read and write from. Next, we want to perform the actual operations on that file. So you do your reading, writing, and appending operations. And then finally, we want to close a file to release any memory and tie up any loose ends. This is a list of all the different file modes that we can open our file with. Generally, there's three different types. We can read from our file represented by the R. We can write to our file the W, or we can append to the file, meaning we can add additional information to the end of our file with the A. Next, in all these versions, you probably see a B. And the B represents that we can read or write or append to a byte or binary formatted version of the file. And then finally, you see a plus. So the plus indicates that you can read and write. So let's go through each of them one by one. So first of all, you have the R alone. So this means that you can read from, you can only read from the file. And the file pointer or where you begin reading happens to replace the beginning of the file. And this is the default mode. Then you have the RB, which means that you can read from a file, but only in the binary format. Next, you have the R plus. The plus indicates that you can both read and write. Then you have the RB or RB plus. That means you can read and write in the binary format. Next one is the W. So W means that you can write to the file. If a file already exists, it's going to overwrite that file. And if the file does not exist, it's going to create a new file for writing. Then you have the WB, which is the same as before, but with binary formatting. Next is W plus. So this is you can read and write to the file, but we have the extra properties where you can overwrite an existing file or create a new file that doesn't exist. Then you have the WB plus, which is the same things before, but for binary formatting. Next, you have A. So A means you can append to a file. And what that means is that we want to add additional information to the end of your file. So that means the file pointer or where you begin adding information is at the end of the file. And if a file does not exist, then it creates a new file for you. Then you have AB, which is the same as before, but binary formatting. Then you have A plus, which is for appending and reading as well. Everything else is the same. The file pointer is at the end of the file. And if a file does not exist, it creates a new file for reading and writing. And then you have finally the AB plus, which is the same things before, but with binary formatting. Here we have code that brings all of it together. So we can finally open a file, perform some operations and close the file. So when we want to open a file, we call the open function. And we provided the file name that we want to read from the mode that we're in. So currently we want to only read from the files. We have the R character. Then we have encoding. So what encoding is the file in? And generally we have it in UTF8. Then whatever's returned from this is an object that represents our file that we save into the MyTextFile variable. Second is we perform whatever operations we want to do on the file. In this case, we only want to read from the file. So we call read on our variable name, save that into our data variable, and then we're just printing that out to the screen. And then finally we have the close function. So once we're finished with our file, we want to properly free up the memory by calling the close method. There's a small problem when we manually close our files. And that's if an exception were to occur here, we would never reach this code, and therefore it would never properly close our files. As a result, we say that manually closing our files is not very good practice. And Python gets around this by implementing a with keyword. By using the with keyword, our files will automatically close themselves even if an exception were to occur. So the worth keyword defines an identifier or variable, which represents an object like a file, an active connection to a server, or anything that needs to be initialized or de-initialized. And if we want to create our own user-defined version of this, we'd have to implement the enter and exit dunder methods. So generally we don't have to do this ourselves, but this is just for your knowledge in case you wanted to do it. So let's look at how we were to use this with keyword. It takes this general format. You have the with keyword and the expression, which represents how you would open your files. And then you have the as keyword and then the variable that you want to save your object into. Then the block of code where you want to perform your file operations. So here's the proper example. You have your with keyword. You still have your open operation. You have your open function with your file name, the mode that you want to open your file, and then the encoding. And you want to save the result of this object into this variable we just call f. So then in our block of code here, we're just writing some strings into our file. And let's say an exception were to happen here. That's perfectly fine. By using the with keyword, our file will automatically close itself. So let's compare using the with which is up here versus not using the with in the classic example. So both of these code, code segments effectively do the same thing in terms of they're both opening a file, but one of them manually closes the file and one of them doesn't. So you see what the with statement we're opening our file, saving it into this variable. We're reading from it and then printing out the data. And then in this non with case, again, we're opening our file, saving it to a variable. We're reading from it and then printing it and then we're manually closing it. So that's the key difference. We don't have to manually close our file if we're using the with approach here. Next I want to talk about the seek function. Seeking allows me to move the cursor of the file that I'm reading anywhere that I want. So consider a situation where where I'm reading a sample dot TXT file and it's in the R or reading mode. When I set it in the reading mode, this puts the cursor at the beginning of my document. After I call this specific read function, it then saves that data into data and then prints it out to the screen. The thing to keep in mind is that when you call the read method here, it puts the cursor at the end of my document. So that the next time I call read, it's going to begin reading from that end point. So what happens in this code is that it's going to try to read from the end of my document to the end of my document, which means it reads nothing. So what I need to do is I have to move the cursor back to the beginning of my document. And I do that using the seek function. So I call seek pass in a zero and that moves moves the cursor back to the beginning of my document. And then at that point, I can then reread my file all over again and then prints it out. So let's trick out all the code that we've gone through in this file handling example