 Here is the code for our donut decorator example. Let's begin by looking at the component part or the donut part of our pattern. So in this case, we begin with the component interface. You see right here, our component inherits from abstract base class and it has a description method. The idea is that every single component, which is the green part and all the decorators must override the description method. You see the description methods overwritten here for all the donuts. And then even down here in each of the concrete sprinkles or concrete toppings, they also override the description method. So the next step is we have to implement all the children or the concrete types of donuts. So in this case, we have a wheat donut that inherits from component and it overrides description. In this case, wheat donuts only return the string wheat donut. Same idea for rice donut. Rice donut also inherits from component and it also has to override description. And they're different in that they will return rice donut. Oh, this is wrong again. Let me just fix this one. This is rice donut, just like that. Okay, so that's it for the component part of things. So as a reminder, the component part of this pattern acts as the wrap P or the object that we want to wrap around. And then the decorator, which is this pink part, this is going to be the wrap per. So the decorators are going to be wrapping around all these component parts. And then kind of trick with the decorator pattern is not only does the decorator have the ability to wrap around the donut part, but because the decorator itself is of the type component, it can wrap around anything that inherits from component. So it can wrap around the donuts, but it can also wrap around these decorators down here. And that's critical for this pattern to work. So for our decorator interface right here, it also inherits from component. And then it must have the pointer to the object that we want to wrap around. And that's going to be self.component. So here for its initializer, we're passed in the object we want to wrap around. So then we're saving that into self.component. All right, so then all we have to do is implement all the concrete children of the decorator. So these are all the toppings. Let's begin with the sprinkles. So the sprinkles inherits from decorator. And then for the sprinkles, they have to override the description method. And for this pattern to work, we must have this chaining functionality. Where when we call the description method, the first thing we do is we have to call the component, the component's description method. And then after that, then we can add our own functionality. So in this case, we call the component's description method first, then we're adding the string and sprinkles after that. And then the result of this is return back out to whatever sending us. And then for the gummies method, or sorry, the gummies class, see my idea? It over at the description method, it does the chaining call to do whatever the component was to do first. And then it adds its own functionality. And then for chocolate, also inherits from decorator, chocolate inherits from decorator, and it also does the chaining functionality as well. So we chain to call the description method of whatever, or we're pointing at, or wrapping around, and then we add our own functionality. And that's it. So again, to summarize, we implemented our components first, which is ultimately the thing that we're going to wrap around at the core. And then we implement the decorator, which is going to be the wrapper that's going to wrap around all these components, as well as these components down here. And the reason we can do that is because self-that component and the decorator, inherits from this top level component. And then when we go through all the description methods inside of these classes, they all must, at some point, have this chaining call, where they call the self-dot component, dot description. There. So I'll just fix this diagram. There you go. That'll work. Self-dot, self. Too many self-seer. Cool. All right. So then down here in the main, let's actually put it all together. So the first thing we do is we create the core object that we want to wrap around. In this case, we want to have a central doughnut that we add a whole bunch of toppings to. So we create our wheat doughnut and then a rice doughnut. These are completely two completely separate donuts. And then the first thing after that is we're just going to print out what these doughnuts have as a description. So let me just run this code. And then in our output, you'll see that it prints out wheat doughnut for this line. And then rice doughnut for this line. And in the comments, I'm just saying that we're creating wheat doughnut and a rice doughnut, just to help us visualize what's happening. And then the next thing is I want to actually decorate my doughnuts to have some toppings. So to do that, I create an instance of sprinkles, or creating a sprinkles object. And I want to call the initializer by passing in a wheat doughnut. And what happens here is that my sprinkles is effectively going to be passed in a wheat doughnut. So if I go to the sprinkles class, there's no initializer here, which means the initializer is in my parent. So the parent is right here. So a wheat doughnut is passed into here. And it's assigning the self-that component equals the wheat doughnut. And at that point, the result of this is we have a sprinkles object that's pointing at a wheat doughnut object. And I've tried to represent that in comments over here. So we have a sprinkles object that's pointing at a wheat doughnut object. And we save the result of this until wheat doughnut variable. So I want to do a similar thing where I add a gummies topping. So I have created gummies object. And I pass in my wheat doughnut variable. So just keep in mind, at this point, my wheat doughnut variable is this entire thing, or actually more of this thing, this S object. So by doing this operation, my gummies object is pointing at my sprinkles object, which in turn is pointing at a wheat doughnut object. And that's saved into the wheat doughnut variable. And then for my sprinkles or my rice doughnut, I'm just adding a whole bunch of toppings. So I'm adding sprinkles, more sprinkles, and then chocolate. And internally, it seemed like this chocolate points at sprinkles, which points at another sprinkles, which points at the rice doughnut. And finally, we're going to print out their description. So I'm going to just go through the wheat doughnut example first. And this is identical to the wheat doughnut example that I had in the slides. So the first thing we do is currently, if we look at the wheat doughnut variable, it's actually pointing at gummies. So if we look at this one, this is actually pointing at gummies first. So the first step is if I trace through this lecture, the first thing we do is we call the description method inside of gummies. So if we go to gummies, we call a description method here. And the first thing that does is it's going to call the description method of whatever component it's currently pointing at. And if we look at our lecture slide, currently our gummies object is pointing at a sprinkles object. So therefore, we have to call the sprinkles objects description method. So let's go to sprinkles and then look at that description method. This in turn needs to first call the description method of whatever it's pointing at. So if we look at the lecture slides, currently the sprinkles object, at least the self.component part is pointing at the wheat doughnut. So self.component here is actually pointing at a wheat doughnut. So we want to call the wheat doughnuts description method. So if we go down a few slides, we're at this point. So we're in the wheat doughnut, we call the description method. And all we have here is we return the string wheat doughnut. So if we go down this slide, so what happens is when we return, we return this wheat doughnut string at the bottom. So we come back out to the sprinkles class. The result of this method call is the string wheat doughnut, which we then append and sprinkles to it. So that's this slide right here. We return wheat doughnut and sprinkles back out as a result of this method call. So wheat doughnut and sprinkles is returned. And then now we append and gummies to it. So the result of this whole statement or expression right here is wheat doughnut, sprinkles and gummies. So if I go to the next slide, we have this as a full string. So at the end of that call, our full result of this expression is this whole string wheat doughnut and sprinkles and gummies, which we see right here. Wheat doughnut and sprinkles and gummies, which sprinkles that. And then just here, I won't go through it, but the rice doughnut goes through a similar operation, except that this time, I've added more toppings to my rice doughnut. So here the output of this rice doughnut description is rice doughnut and sprinkles and sprinkles and chocolate, which matches what we have in this list that we added. So hopefully that explains how the decorator pattern works.