 This code shows us how to read, write, and append to files in different ways. So the first thing I want to show you is how we read from a file, both using the three-step method, where we open a file, perform operations, and close it, and then also using the width, comparing that with the width version. So let's check out the three-step version first. So the three-step version first is at the open my file. So here we call the open function. I'm opening the sample.txt in the read mode and the utf8 encoding. And then I save it into my my text file variable. So let's just open up our sample.txt so you know what's inside of it. So here's my sample.txt and you see we have some text here. So the first time I call read on it, which is in this line, what happens is that Python will start at the beginning since we're in read mode. The cursor starts at the beginning and then it reads all this and then it places the cursor at the end right here. So then when I print out my data, let's see what happens. Let's actually run this. I think I'm doing that here. Yes, so let's run this. And what happens is that when I read it like this, and then I print it out, it's going to print out this information, which is fine. But something to keep in mind is that after I read my file, it puts the cursor at the end of my document right there. And what that means is that if I try to call read again on this line, it's going to start reading from the cursor location to the end. But you see there's nothing left at the end. So what that means is that when I do this read call right here and I print the data, it prints out nothing here because the cursor is already at the end of my document. So what I need to do is I have to seek to the beginning of my document. So when I call seek and then pass in zero, that's saying let's go back to the beginning of my document. So if I go back to the sample.txt, what that does is it moves this cursor to the beginning of my document back there. So then the next time I call read on this line, it'll properly read all of my data again. So if I go back to here, it reads it from the beginning all over to the end. And then it saves that into my data variable. So that's why when we're printing out my data for the final time here here, which is this one right here, we get my data right here. Okay, so that is with the classic three step approach. Sorry, I forgot to mention. The final step is to close my object. So I call close on my text file object. All right, so we want to compare this version to the width version right here. So I'm just going to comment out this code and then activate the width version here. So in the width version, it's functionally doing the same thing that we just showed you. We're opening our sample.txt, setting the mode, and then using the width keyword. So we're saying that with the file that we're opening here, we're going to save it as a my text file variable. And then at that point, all the rest of this code is the same. We're reading from the text file. We're printing it out. That puts the cursor at the end just like we saw before. Therefore, if we read it again and then print it out, then it's going to be an empty empty printout statement, which we see here. It's going to be empty. Therefore, we have to seek to the beginning and then read from it again and then print it out one more time. That gives us this one. So hopefully you see that we're missing the close. The reason we're missing the close is because if we use the width keyword and then have our code in this format, then it's going to automatically close our file after we're finished with it. So hopefully you see that this width version is quite a bit shorter than the code we had in the non-width version up here. All right, so that is looking at how we can read from a file. So the next thing we're going to do is we're going to look at how we're going to write to a file instead. So we'll go back to the main and then comment on some code and bring the writing example here. So first thing I'm going to do is call this write sample to write mode code. So let's go there. I think it's this one. Yes. Okay. So in this case, we are just going to be writing out our code with the width keyword. So same idea. In the width case, we're opening this file, but we're setting the mode to the be the writing mode. And what that does is it's going to overwrite any any any any strings or any data that happened to be there before. And then we are going to be seeing that as a my text file. And then using the my text file, we're going to write any data that gets passed in. So in my main method, the data that I'm passing in is this statement. This is some data that's being written. So if I run the code and I open up my text file, we see this is exactly the string that we are passing in. This is some test data that is being written. And then what I want to show you in this one right here is if I were to call the same method again with different string, this is going to overwrite the previous string. So if I run this again, then this one gets written first. And then this text will then overwrite the previous one. So if I open up my sample 2.txt, you see it says file got overwritten with this text. So that shows you the the writing mode. And so one final one is showing you the appending mode. Okay, so I should probably show you I'm going to say I'm going to commentate this one first. And then I'm going to clear out my sample 3.txt because I have a whole bunch of stuff in there already. So let's just say I'm going to start off with that's my beginning text. And then if I go back to my code, we're going to be effectively appending this data to that string. So let's check out the code and our sample 3 append mode function. So in this case, I'm going to be taking in our strings as a variable list arguments. So what that means is that all of these three variables that are all these three strings that I'm passing in are going to be saved as a single list here. And then in this statement here, I'm just going to print out some some text and then using the width version of opening a file, I'm just going to go through my list of arguments. And then for every element in my list of arguments, I'm going to be writing them into my file. So one thing to keep in mind is in this case, we're opening up our file in the append mode, meaning that all these lines are going to be added to the end of my document. So then if I run this code, it's going to print out this writing statement here. And then hopefully all of these lines will be appended to sample 3. So if I open up sample 3, you see that yes, these lines are all appended to the end. And then just to finish off this example, let's say we called our append mode one more time, and then we want to append these additional lines here. So then I'm going to run it again. It's going to append these lines, then append these lines. So if I open up sample 3 one more time, you see it did add all those lines one, two, three, and then added the line four and five on new lines. So hopefully that gives you a good example of how we can um, uh, profile, how we can open up, read and write an append to our file in different ways.