 Our next topic is Lambda Functions. And I'm sure you've seen this in other languages. But as a bit of a review, a Lambda Function is also known as an anonymous function, or a function without a name. And the purpose of it is to define a temporary function, which has a very small scope. And the syntax looks like this. You have to have the Lambda keyword. And then you have your list of parameters that you want to pass into your Lambda Function. And then your expression, which is going to use your parameters to do some operation. So let's compare it to a regular function. In our regular functions, normally we have our parameters in our parentheses. Those are happening before our colon, but after the Lambda keyword. And then the expression, which is in the body of our function, is happening over here after our colon. Here's a concrete example of what it looks like. Let's say I create a Lambda Function that takes in a parameter x, and then just multiplies 5 to that x parameter. So pretty straightforward. This is a function that takes one argument x and returns x times 5. So notice that even though I'm returning x times 5, I don't actually have to have the return keyword here. So that's one key difference between lambdas and regular functions that return a value. So definitely you can store lambdas into variables. And then later on you can use that variable as if it was the Lambda itself. So here I'm creating my Lambda Function with my x parameter and my x times 5 expression that returns whatever this result is. And I'm saving this entire Lambda Function into my multiple of 5 variables. Then later on when I want to actually call my Lambda Function, I'm calling it as if it was a regular function. So I call my multiple of 5 variable and then I wrap the argument 10 around parentheses as if I was calling a function and passing in the number 10 into it. And then this will actually return the value 50 because I take 10 passing into here 10 times 5 and that's going to automatically return the number 50 back to me. And just so you know, we don't normally store Lambda Functions into variables, but it can happen. And really key point is that Lambda Functions are not multi-line. So all the code that you write for a Lambda is on one line. So where do we use Lambda Functions? So first is to define callbacks. So we've learned earlier about function objects where you a function behaves like an object. And this is a great way for us to write asynchronous code where code does not run in sequence. So for example, let's say you make an HTTP request and you execute some code and then you don't know when, but at some point in the future, some response is going to be received. And the sending and the response are considered asynchronous functions. They don't run one at a time and they may take a long time. They're also used in list comprehensions and generators and also with filters and map built-in functions. And these are the next topics we're going to talk about. I'll explain what these are very soon. So let's see some more examples of when Lambda Functions are used, specifically in a callback situation. So let's say I have some function called send data to backend. And then in this back send data to backend code, I'm taking in two parameter protocol, data, and response callback. So this is the one I want to really focus on response callback. This is the function I want to call whenever I get a response from some external source. So I'm going to assume this is a function response callback as a function. And then I want to pass in whatever response I get back from it. And then somewhere else in my code, I have this send analytics function. What this function does is this function, the send analytics function is going to call my send data to backend function. So this send analytics function is calling this function up here. And notice I'm passing in a few things. So the protocol that I'm passing in, HTTP is sent into here, user data is sent into data. And then here's my callback. And the idea is that whenever my send data to backend is finished, then whatever function it gets here is automatically sent this response. And notice that I'm not actually passing in a regular function. What I'm sending in as a response callback function is my Lambda. So this is an example of where you would use a Lambda function. So I have the Lambda keyword. And then I'm taking it in a parameter called response. So notice that this response that I'm passing into my response callback function is going to be passed into this parameter. And then the code that's going to be executed in this case is all I'm going to do is I'm going to print out whatever response I get. So by doing this, by using our Lambda function, we avoid having to write an entirely new function sitting out here somewhere. Because the purpose of this function is so short, we just want to print out something. We just might as well use Lambda function instead of a regular function. So we create an anonymous function and pass it as an argument. So this whole Lambda function is our function that's going to be passed into this response callback parameter. And at some point, when this code is finished, it's going to automatically execute this Lambda function that we're passing in. Okay, so now I have a bit of a challenge for you. And the activity I want us to do is to solve this specific question. I want us to write a Lambda function that takes an argument and returns a square root of that argument. Afterwards, I want us to save this Lambda function into a variable. And then we want to use this Lambda function in a list comprehension to create a new list, which contains a square root of each number in this list. So the idea is that we're going to use this Lambda square root function and take the square root of all of these numbers in this list. So you can pause the video here, but I'll give you the solution next. All right, so this is the solution. So as step one, we mentioned that we want to create a Lambda function that takes an argument and returns a square root of the argument. So to do that, we have to have the Lambda keyword. We're taking in an argument, we're taking in an argument, which is the x right here. So there's our argument. And then we return the square root of the argument. So we use them, we're using the math library. So math.square root x. So what this does is we're creating an anonymous function that it'll take the square root of whatever argument we pass in. So then we're saving that entire function into this square root variable. So that's step two, we're saving it into a variable. And then step three is we want to then use this Lambda function in conjunction with our list comprehension. So here is our list comprehension. So we begin with the square brackets on the outside here and here. And then we want to generate numbers from one through to five. So we have a four x in range one through six. We're going to take the square root of that. So what happens here is that we generate numbers one through six. And then for every single one of those numbers, I'm going to save them into the variable x. That x is then passed into our Lambda function. So notice here square root is actually containing our Lambda function. So x here is actually passed into this Lambda function here and then executes this square root. And then at the very end, we print out our list to see our result. So hopefully you can see through this example how we can use Lambda functions in conjunction with our list comprehension to pretty much construct a very elaborate sequence of events.