 Now that we've seen a simple example of what the bridge pattern looks like, I wanted to show you the more generic class diagram of what it's like. So here is the bridge pattern as UML diagram. And as we saw earlier in the code, it has two separate class hierarchies. We have our abstraction side over here on the left. That was our shape in the example that we saw. And then we have our implementation side. That's over here on the right. And just in case you're wondering why this pattern, this design pattern is called the bridge pattern, it's because inside of the abstraction, we had that pointer right here that points to this implementation. And that acts like a bridge or our way of accessing the implementation from the abstraction class. So this is why it's called the bridge pattern right here. Okay, so just to again go over this generic UML diagram for our abstraction, we have some pointer right here that is our bridge to access our implementation. And generally the functions that exist inside of our abstraction, all they do is they don't typically have logic in themself to do anything. All they do is they call the methods or functions in the implementation to do its work. So for instance, for feature one, that might just call method one method two to do something. And then feature two might call method three to do something. So all the actual hard work is deferred for the implementation to do all the hard work. And then for this implementation, because we're using good design practice, we want to have our bridge point to this abstract interface instead. And then through polymorphism, we're going to call the proper concrete implementation of each of these methods. So in our previous example, we saw that we had a generic color interface at the top that had a virtual get color function. And then that get color function doesn't actually return the proper color until we hit the actual red and blue color functions. And then similar idea over here for our abstraction, we had our different square and circle shapes. And then it's actually optional. You could have an abstraction that's just one class over here. And then we have separate implementations with concrete implementations down here. But as we kind of discussed in class already, a lot of these design patterns are there is just a template and you're free to manipulate them how you want to fit your design purposes. So hopefully understand what's happening here. And then just yeah, from the client's perspective, you can think of the client like the main function. From its perspective, all it does is it calls the abstraction.feature. And then this will call feature one in the abstraction. And that'll then call let's see method one and method two in the implementation for it to do its work. So I want to show you one more more in depth complicated example. That's a little bit more real world. So imagine we're designing a system where I want to be able to have a remote control be able to control different devices. So I have a remote control that can turn up and down the volume of a radio. It can turn it on and off and it can change the channels. Or I want this remote control to be able to control a TV instead. So one way that we can break down this design is we can kind of think of the remote itself as the abstract part of our bridge. Because if we think about what remote does on its own in the real world, a remote control doesn't do anything. If it's not attached to some actual object. So what I mean by that is let's say you just pick up a remote control, let's say a TV remote control, go another room. If you press the buttons on the remote control, no, there's no effect on it. The only usefulness of remote control is if it's actually paired with something. If it's paired with a device like a TV. So the actual work of producing something useful, it's all dependent on the implementation, which is our device abstraction over here. And in this case, our concrete implementations of the device are going to be a concrete radio class and a concrete TV class. And then just for this example, we have our top level abstract remote, which is great. It can do its own separate functions. But then I want to extend its functionality by having an advanced remote as well. So in this advanced remote, we have an additional function called mute that will allow us to immediately turn off the volume of whatever we're pointing at. So in this case, our remote will have a bridge to our device through a simple pointer called device right here. So this device is our bridge into this class to call its functions to do useful work. So just to bring it back to our color example, the remote abstraction part, that's kind of like our shape in the previous example. And then the device is kind of like the color as well. So let's check out the code and see what this looks like.