 Our final topic of today is enums. But before we get into that, I want to pose a problem for you. Here's our coding problem. Imagine that I ask you to write a calendar program. And I want you to represent the days in a week by the numbers 0 through 6, where 0 means Sunday, all the way to 6, that means Saturday. And then later on, I want you to assign Sunday to a variable named day. So to do that, you'd write Sunday, which is 0, equals to day. But the problem is if someone came to read your code, they wouldn't know what this meant. They're just like, you're wondering, why are we assigning 0 day? What does 0 mean? But we understand that 0, in this case, means Sunday. But it's not very clear. So to make this slightly better, we might assign each of the numbers from 0 to 6 to a constant instead. So here I'm creating seven constants. Sunday, Monday, all the way to Saturday. And I'm assigning a numeric value to them. Later on, when you want to use these constants, you can then assign the variable or then assign Sunday into the variable day. So this is much easier to read already. We can see that we're assigning the concept of Sunday into our variable day. But we can go one step further. Notice we've already created a bunch of constants. It'd be great if there's some way to say these constants in some encapsulating object. So since there's only seven days in a week, it'd be great if we could wrap all these seven day constants into some kind of data type. So that's where enums come into play. So an enumeration or enum is a user-defined type that consists of a set of named value constants. So each of these, let's say, seven values in set out our enum are called the enumerators. And what this allows us to do is we can then refer to our enumerators by the name instead of the value. So we can refer to Sunday, Monday, the words instead of the numbers. And we can also iterate over all the enumerators themselves. So generally, whenever we need to represent simple constant data over a finite range, then enums are a great option for us to use. And as some benefits, such as, while the main one is the mixer code, much easier to read. So if I ask you right now, what looks easier to read and understand? This if statement, where I'm saying if day is equal to 1, or if I replace that with, if day is equal to days.Munday, which is easier to read for you in terms of trying to understand the context of the code. OK, so let's look at how we can write this. So let's represent the previous days of the week example using enums. And this is what it looks like. Enums in Python are classes that inherit from the enum class. So because they're inheriting from the enum class, we have to import the enum module. And then we create our custom class called days and make sure that we inherit from the enum.enum class. After that, any variables that are set in the enum are the enumerators. So here, each of these values are enumerators. And this is effectively setting a bunch of constants to a specific value. So this is saying that I've created a constant called sun, and I'm assigning it to a value 0, and creating all these separate constants as well, and assigning values to them. So let's check out some operations that you can perform on them. So enums can be accessed through their name or their value. And notice that you don't even have to instantiate any of these enums to use them. So you don't have to do something like this. D is equal to days three. You can just use it directly. So here, I want to assign Monday into my variable day. So if I print out the type of my day, it'll say that it's an enum of the data, the days data type. If I print out day itself, it's going to print out days.mundays. So it's going to print out this constant name. If you print out the day.name, it's going to print out the name itself. Instead of the days.name, it's going to print out the day. If you print out the value, it's going to print out the numeric value that it's holding. Here, you can access the days class itself with the square brackets and then pass in the name of the enum that you're looking for. And that's going to pass back the whole Saturday enumerator object. And then also, you can access the enumerators by almost like the value as well. So here, if you're accessing days with the value four, it's going to grab the enumerator that has value four, which happens to be the Thursday. So some things you cannot do with enums is that you cannot modify the name or the value of an enum after it's created. So here, we are assigning Monday to the day variable. And if I try to change the name of the Monday into something else is an error. So here, I'm trying to change the name of the day to the Thursday's name. So that won't work. Same idea. Monday has a value of one. And if I try to change the day's value, I cannot do that either. So here, I'm trying to change it to five. And that doesn't work. And same idea here, I'm trying to change my day into Tuesday. But in this case, this will work. Because I'm not trying to change the value of the enum. I want to make my day variable point to a different enum. So in this case, this will work fine. So we're not changing the name or value. We're just assigning our day variable to point to something else. All right. So something else you can do is you can print out all the enum raters in your enum class. Because it's almost like an iterable type. So here, I have the name of my class days. And then I'm just going to iterate through all of them with my day variable. So for day in days, print out all of the days. So the output is it'll print out every single enumerator in my days enum. Some of the things you can't do is you cannot have a member within an enum have the same name. So here, I'm trying to have two Saturdays. So one Saturday equals six. And another Saturday equals nine. So that's not allowed. But you can have different members with different names. Saturday too, let's say, have the same value. So Saturday too has the same value as this original Saturday. And that's perfectly fine. So the key thing here is you just cannot have enumerators with the same name. But you can have enumerators with the same value. I'll end things off with a real world example. While I was at EA, I was working on a boxing game. And here's a problem. They had to represent every piece of clothing in the game. Like pants, shoes, gloves, all that. All that had to have a unique ID. But not only that, but they had to have some way to process these enums. So you can only find, or you can find only the shoes that you want, or you can find only pants that you want. Or maybe you can find all the items that you want. How can we do this with only enums? So let's look at how we might do this in Python at first. So first of all, we import enums. And then a cool thing about enums is there's this auto functionality. And what that allows us to do is it's kind of annoying to manually type in numbers for our enums. So auto will automatically increment the number for us. But anyways, so we're creating our clothing ID enums. So we have a class, clothing ID. We inherit from enum.enum. And we create all of our clothing items. So in this case, we have three shoes and five pants. And we're going to automatically assign the value for these items with the auto keyword. So when we put auto behind the scenes, it's automatically generating one, two, three for us. So it's assigning one to shoe one, two to shoe two, automatically for us. So this is great. We have all of our clothing items with unique IDs. But the problem is, if they're all numbers, how can we segment them? So maybe I can only print out all the shoes or only print out all the pants. I don't know where the shoe enums end and where the pant enums begin. See my dear for the pants. So what they do is pretty ingenious, I find. And that looks like this. What they've done is they've added an extra variable to set almost like markers or tags to where the shoes begin and end and where the pants begin and end. And not only that, but also another enum for the number of clothes that they had. So let me try to explain what's happening here. We've just expanded on the enums we had in the previous slide by adding some extra variables. So shoe begin is a tag for the enum for when the shoe values begin. And that's going to be the same as the enum for shoe one. And then we assign that to the auto value. So both shoe begin and shoe one have a value of one. And then we do shoe two, shoe three. Those are fine. And we can skip that. Then we add another tag to when the shoe ends. This allows us to provide the enum for when we don't have to count the shoes anymore. And that is going to be the same enum for when pants begin, which also the same enum is when pant one begins. Or the value of what pant one is. And that's assigned the value of auto, which is four. So all these three variables or all these three enumerators have the value of four. Then we don't care about that extra tag until we hit when pants end. So pant two, three, four, and five can just continue incrementing their enum values just as regular. Then we've reached the end of our list of enums. So at that point, let's just add a pant end enumerator. And that's equivalent to the number of clothes we have, which is equal to our auto value. So let's just look at this visually. We still have three shoes. So one, two, three. And then we still have five pants. So one, two, three, four, five. And then if we were to figure out how many clothes we have, in general, we have eight pieces of clothes, right? So that's effectively num close minus one. So num close has a value of nine. And if you subtract one, then that's how many clothes you have. And if you want to find how many pants we have, all we have to do is take the pants end, subtracted by pants begin. So nine minus four, that gives us five. So then we have five pants in total. And then same idea for shoe end, if we take the value of shoe end, which is four, subtracted by the value of shoe begin, which is one, then we find that we have three. So this allows us to get the total count of shoes, total count of pants, and the total count of all the clothes that we have. So let's check out what this looks like in the code.