 The final way that we can pass arguments into Python functions is with variable keyword arguments. And we've already learned about the concept of named arguments. That's where we pass in variables into our function by naming each individual variable. So another way that we call named arguments is called keyword arguments. So just like we can actually pass in any variable number of arguments into a function with the star args parameter, we can also do the same thing with a variable number of keyword or named arguments. And we do this with the double star, quarks variable or parameter. In this case, quarks, again, it's not a keyword, it's just a convention. Whenever we use a variable number of keyword arguments, we always use the naming convention of quarks. The most important thing is we use the double star. And by using the double star, this quarks variable is treated like a dictionary. So similarly up here, when we use the single star and then the args variable, this was treated like a sequence type. So a list or a tuple. This is the same concept by but quarks is now treated like a dictionary instead. So before we get into variable keyword arguments, let's do a bit of review on named arguments. So once again, named arguments is when you have a function with a set number of parameters. And then instead of passing in the parameters in a specific order, so the list first, then a number, then a string, we can give each of our variables, passing into our function a specific name that matches the name in our function parameters. So by doing this, you can see that the order doesn't matter. So a num is a is named a num to value five. So it just passed over to here. A string is the second in this list, but it's passed to the third position. And then a list is named here, but it's passed to the first. So this is the named arguments that we learned about last class. But I want you to maybe notice something about this. Notice that when we use named arguments like this, we're already naming all of our values that we're passing in. So a num is equal to five, a string is equal to hello, and a list is equal to this list of cat and dog. And let's carry that concept over to this example. So again, here we have a function called to some variable keyword arguments function. And again, we're naming all of our values, so port is equal to 21. So the host name is equal to localhost and debug is equal to true. And in this way, it looks like we're passing in named arguments, which is what we're doing. But also notice how it kind of looks like we are creating a dictionary on the spot. If you recall, dictionaries are just surrounded by these curly braces. But in this case, there's no curly braces, but it kind of looks like we're creating a dictionary on the spot. And that's where variable keyword arguments is taking that concept. So if I further this out, these names that we give to our variables or values are the keys of our dictionary. And these values here are the values in the dictionary. And then so when it comes time to pass these values into our function. And these named variables are passed into this single quarks. Then this quarks is interpreting all these values as key value pairs passed in as a dictionary. So the quarks itself is interpreted as one dictionary. Variable. And then since it's a dictionary, we can then treat this quarks here in this for loop as if it was a regular dictionary. So in this case, in our for loop, what we're doing is we're just saying, let's iterate through this entire dictionary. And then grab all the items and the items function grabs all the key value pairs, or yeah, key values as pairs. And then we're going to do some implicit unpacking to pass in this port variable name to the key and then this value 21 to item. So if I go to the next slide here, quarks itself is a dictionary. So in order to get all the key value pairs, we need to explicitly call the items method. And that items method gets all the pairs in our dictionary. And then when we when we actually unpack those pairs, the value, the key value pairs are then assigned properly to the key and then the item variable. So once again, we're reiterating that each key value pair is extracted using the key and then item variables. And then just so you know, the key and item variable names are not special key words or names or anything. They can easily be called x and y. This is just to show you explicitly in these slides that that's what's happening, but you can name these whatever you want. And this is just an example of unpacking that we learned earlier in the slides. So let's check out some code to see what this looks like. Okay. So here we have a class character. And then in this character class, I have a class variable called default character data. And this is our dictionary. So we see in our dictionary, we have a bunch of data here in pairs. So we have a key name with the value entitled and then the rest of these pairs here. And all this data just makes up the information that my character has in my game. And then for this character class, I'm going to have this initializer. And with this initializer, the idea is that I'm going to be passed in pretty much a bunch of data and the data is passed in. It's going to be a bunch of named arguments. And because there are a bunch of named arguments, I can accept that data as if it was a packed dictionary. So that's where this quote come in. So if I'm expecting all this data to be packed into a dictionary, then I save them into a quarks and make sure I have the double star to trigger that that behavior. And then in this initializer, I'm just going to print out what's in that dictionary. That's being passed in. And then here, I'm just going to be defaulting a new variable called self dot character data. And then for this new variable, I'm going to default it to whatever my class variable had before. So this data is going to be copied into this new character data dictionary. And then I'm going to print out what I have as max level and then all the item data. And then in this for loop, I'm saying that any data that I'm passing in through my quarks is going to be replacing whatever data is in my defaulted character data. So notice that I'm iterating through the quarks items. And then any data that's in there is going to be overriding whatever data that is in my character data at this specific key location. Here, just just for fun, this isn't really important for the concept of keyword arguments. But here is our get item protocol. This is pretty much just a way for us to implement the the square bracket operator to access a specific value in a dictionary. So here with this protocol, it needs to take in a key. And then given a key, we want to get the value that comes out of that when we look inside of a dictionary. So our dictionary in this class is our character data dictionary. And so we pass that key into our dictionary and it just gets whatever value that we get from that. So an example would be let's say I pass in name as the key. So if name gets passed here, then we look at the value that's at the name key location and it'll get maybe untitled or whatever the name is set for character data. Okay, so let's look at how we can trigger this in main. So then in main, the first thing I do is I want to create a new character. So then for this character, I'm going to be using named arguments. So I'm going to name each of my values. So I have a Zorathoda store string and I'm specifically giving a name for that variable 100 for max level and 99 for level. And then the cool thing is I don't know how this is going to be captured in the initializer of the character class. All I'm doing is I'm just going to blindly name some values and then pass these into my character initializer. So then this is going to be interpreted like a dictionary. And in fact, it's kind of already in that form. So this is a key. That's a value. That's a key to value key value. And then so all this data is passed into this quarks and it's going to be captured like a dictionary. So auto generates a dictionary from that. Those three data points that we saw earlier. Okay. So then that saved into my character. So then let's just run this and try to trace through it. So first thing we do is we have these three pieces of data. They're passed into our character initializer and then that saved into the my character variable. So when that these three pieces of data are passed into here quarks. If we print it out, you see has three pieces of data. We have the name, the max level and the current level. And then on this line, we're just setting our default character data to be this stuff up here. And notice that the name is untitled and max level is 10 and the current level is four. So it's different from the data that's being passed in. And the idea is we want to replace name level and max level with this data here. So then when we print out max level and items. Inside of our quarks, we see that it is different. So the quarks max level is 100. And if we print out the quarks, the items, you see that quarks itself is actually a dictionary. And it's just a dictionary that has a bunch of items in it. So this information here matches this information here. So then the final step is that we want to replace this information through this for loop. So then after this code is executed, then the default data in here is replaced with Zorak, the destroyer max levels changed to 100 and levels 99. Inside of the character data right here. So this character data is then replaced. All right. So then once we get back to this code down here, we just want to print out what is in the my character information to see if we actually did replace everything. So all this data or all this code right here is just saying, let's print out the information in my character. So if we print out the character's name, we see that we have successfully replaced it with Zorak, the destroyer, the weapon we did not replace. So it's still a sword, the gender we did not replace, still a male. And then the level and max level were replaced. So it's 99 and 100. So just so you know, the way that we're accessing this, this information is with our square brackets here. And the way that this is properly being accessed is we implemented our get item protocol. So this code here is actually accessing this protocol, which in a turn accesses the dictionary and calls the key right here. And just for fun, let's say I don't have this get item protocol, let me try to run it again. Then it's going to say, yeah, the character object is not subscriptable, meaning it can't access it using the square bracket notation.