 Now that we know about the factory pattern, let's jump right into the abstract factory pattern. And as we mentioned at the beginning of lecture, the abstract factory just builds upon what we learned about for the factory pattern. And here's the new scenario that I want to give you. Let's say that we have a bunch of objects that are related to each other somehow. And they make sense together. And let's call this a product family. And within this product family, there are different variations of that product. The abstract factory pattern modifies the factory pattern to accommodate this type of complexity. So let's jump right into looking at the factory or the product family first. So when I say product family, let's look at this furniture example. In this case, the product family is a bunch of related objects. Let's say furniture objects. And we have chairs, sofas, and coffee tables. So these three different objects are part of a product family. And in the previous pattern, we would just focus on chairs, sofas, and coffee tables individually. And that'd be fine. But what this abstract factory pattern allows us to do is handle different variations. And when I say variations, I mean that we have different variations of that product. So here, let's look at the chairs specifically. Here have a chair. But if you notice, it's actually a different type of chair. It's an art deco chair that has a specific look. And then here, we have a Victorian style chair that has that own look. And we have a modern chair here that has more of this fancy curvy look. And same idea for these other product families as well. They have their own variations. So all these are sofas in this column. And all these are coffee tables. But all of them have a different look depending on its variation. And with this pattern, we can support all these different product families and variations. So to summarize, the abstract factory pattern is a creation design pattern that lets you produce families of related objects without specifying their concrete classes. So if the factory pattern was about each factory creating a single product, then the abstract factory pattern is each factory creating a group of products that are related. So single in the previous pattern versus group in the abstract factory pattern. And this is useful if our code requires us to have objects in a specific group that are compatible with each other. So let's first look at the products themselves and how we can create products in different product families. All right, so in the abstract factory pattern, instead of one product hierarchy, you would have a different hierarchy for each distinct product in the product family. So I know this looks like a lot of class diagrams and it is, but once we break it down, it will make much more sense. So we said earlier that our product family has three products. We have chairs, sofas, and coffee tables. And we can see that we have them here. We have the chair. sofa, and coffee table. So that's like the most basic abstract level of product that we can have. And within each product type, we have three variations. And that's what all these subclasses are. So if we look at the chair, we notice we have three different variations of our chair. We have the Victorian chair, a modern chair, an art deco chair. And the rest of these subclasses follow the same idea. So this is the coffee table and we have the Victorian coffee table, modern coffee table, art deco coffee table, and for sofa, same idea, we have Victorian sofa, modern sofa, and art deco sofa. So you can see that all of the concrete versions of our products are just specifying the type of that product, or whether it's Victorian, modern, or art deco. So I'll flip by now, you realize that although there's a lot of classes in this class diagram, it's not that complicated at all. We're just specifying the specific type of our product. So instead of having a factory that creates a single item, we want to have a factory that creates a product family. In other words, we want a factory that has the ability to create multiple different types of products, but within the same factory. So in this case, we have a furniture factory that's going to be our top level abstract factory. And in this factory, we can create three different things. We can create a chair, create a coffee table, and create sofa. And at this point, we don't know what kind of chair we want. We don't know if we want to art deco or modern chair. We just know that we have a function or method that can create a chair. And then the way that we can create the specific version of that chair, coffee table, and sofa, is we're going to have the subclass and do that. So just like the factory pattern, we have to extend our base factory class, which is the furniture class, and create a concrete factory. And then each of these concrete factories is going to represent that specific theme or variety of that product. This is what helps us determine the compatibility, meaning that if we have a create chairs, table, and sofa in the interface, then the concrete version must also have a create chair, coffee table, and sofa. For all these, they all have the same creation methods. So each concrete method will override the creation methods to return objects from that same product family. So we see here that in the abstract level, we know that we want to create chairs, coffee tables, and sofas, and then all the concrete versions of them will also create chairs, coffee tables, and sofas, but of that specific variety. So in this concrete version, we're creating the Victorian version of this furniture. In this concrete factory, we're creating the modern version of that furniture. And then over here, for this concrete factory, we're creating the art deco version of that furniture. So hopefully this part all makes sense. And really the only difference between this type of factory, and then when we saw before, is that we're now creating multiple, or we have multiple creation methods instead of a single creation method in all of our factories. So let's look at this in a little bit more detail by expanding this Victorian furniture factory. So the Victorian furniture factory class might look something like this. So we have our class Victoria furniture factory. It inherits from the furniture factory abstract class, which is this one. And then in each of the creation methods, you see it's very, very simple. All we do is for that method, we just make an instance of that specific version of the product. So in this case, we're in the Victorian furniture factory. So when we create a coffee table, we want to create the Victorian version of that coffee table. Same thing for the chair, Victorian chair, and then for the when we created sofa, we create a Victorian sofa. And so we fall that same logic for all these other ones. So in the modern furniture factory, we create a modern chair, modern coffee table, modern sofa. For the art deco furniture, we create an art deco chair, art deco coffee table, and art deco sofa. All right, so we pretty much have most of the system all together. We have the products. And we have the factories. And now we're just missing the client, which is the code that's going to call our factory to do things. So the client expects an object with some kind of furniture factory interface. And we have some external controller that's going to determine which specific factory we want to use. And then it's going to determine that factory and then pass the factory into the furniture store. The furniture store won't know specifically what kind of factory it gets. All it knows, it's going to call the create chair, coffee table, and sofa in whatever factory it gets pasted. And as long as that factory follows the same interface that we have here, then we can call it and it'll just work. So it's to show you that you am a diagram. I know it's really giant, but the only reason is giant is because we have so many classes. But let's break down what all these classes are. So the very top level here are all of our products. So we saw earlier we have different chairs, sofas, and coffee tables. And then for each of these chairs, coffees, and coffee tables, and sofas, we have the different variations of them. So this part represents the Victorian chair, modern chair, and art deco chair. So all these are different types of chairs. All these are different types of sofas. So Victorian sofa, modern sofa, art deco sofa. And these are all different versions of the coffee table, Victorian coffee table, modern coffee table, art deco coffee table. So all the products are up here. And then in this middle, middleish section, we have all the factories. So here we have our top level furniture factory interface. And you see that it has create sofa, create chair, and create coffee table. And then for each of the variations, we need to have a concrete factory. Here's our Victorian furniture factory, modern furniture factory, and art deco furniture factory. And you see that it has all the creation methods overridden from the parent. So all these creation methods are all the same. And the reason we have all these dependency arrows is that for the Victorian furniture factory, we only want to create Victorian style furniture. So that's how we have this orange dependency to the Victorian chair. We have the orange arrow to the Victorian sofa, and orange arrow to the Victorian coffee table. Similar idea for the modern. The modern furniture factory only wants to create modern furniture. So we're only pointing at all the modern furniture. So the blue arrows pointing to modern chair, blue arrow to modern sofa, and blue arrow to modern coffee table. And same idea for the art deco. So hopefully you get the point by now. Art deco has all the green arrows pointing to art the art deco furniture. Okay, so that was our kind of more specific example. So I want to show you the more generic example. So this is the generic class diagram for the pattern in general. And I know it looks kind of complicated, but it's essentially very similar to the factory pattern. It just looks more complicated because we're dealing with many more classes because we're dealing with all these different types of products. So this is the same diagram we had in the previous slide, but just oriented a different way. So in this case, all the products are represented here. So that we have product A and product B. So this is like the chair and the sofa in our example. And then the concrete versions, so concrete product A, concrete product A2, these are the variations. So this is like the art deco chair and the modern chair. And this might be the art deco sofa and the art deco, by me, the modern sofa. And then here we have the factory section in this middle. So again, we always have our top level abstract factory. And that allows us to have creation methods for each type of product. So create product A and create product B. And then when we want to create the variation, we have the concrete factory. So concrete factory two is, let's say, creating the modern version of our furniture. So this has the dependency arrows to the modern versions of the furniture. And this is like the art deco version of the factory. So this art deco factory is pointing at all the art deco products over here. And then finally, we have the client on this side. In this specific example, they actually have the factory as a member variable. And that member variable is just passed in by some controller to the client. And then we call some operation on it. So in this case, we're in this some operation function. It's just at a call, it's going to call the factory to create a product A. And again, the beauty of this pattern is that at this point in the code, we don't know what kind of factory we're going to be passed in. We're just blindly calling product A. And then if we happen to be passed in a modern factory, then we will create modern furniture. If we're passed in a Victorian factory, then we're going to create Victorian furniture. All right. So in the next section, we're going to look at how we're going to create our own custom factory for a little game world.