 So the state design pattern. Okay, so pretty much in a nutshell, what this is, it's the strategy design pattern for under larger scale. So if you recall, I think the example I gave last time was imagine you were writing a game and your character had a weapon and that weapon can be changed at runtime until it can axe or sword or spear, something like that. But imagine instead of the character changing a weapon, what if it's on a larger scale where maybe the character changes into a different creature instead. So he starts off as a human and a human has certain abilities. They can run and walk, but maybe they change into a mermaid, let's say, then the character can now swim and breathe underwater and all this stuff. So that's what the state pattern is. It's a pattern where you want an object to actually alter a lot of its behavior, depending on what kind of class it suddenly becomes. So in this case, depending on the internal state of the object, the object will react differently depending on what it needs it to be. And the reason we want this to happen is that typically, we would hard-code a lot of these different states in a bunch of if-else statements. But instead of doing that, what the state pattern allows us to do is have these statements or if-else statements abstracted out into separate classes on their own. So it's complicated and it's overall description. Let's dive into the problem and how we can simplify. So, before we get into that, I want to talk a little bit about finite state machines. So hopefully we all know about this by now. But what a finite state machine is, it's a way for us to model a problem where you have kind of start and end and transitions between them. So what these diagrams are saying is imagine that we're trying to model the situation of a mouse or a button and how it behaves depending on where your mouse is. So a button, for instance, can have different states. It can be in an idle state or nothing's happening. It can be a state where maybe your mouse is hovering over it. It can be a state where it's being pressed or maybe it got pressed and then suddenly the mouse moved over it. So all these circles, they represent all the different states that a button can be in. And then this diagram down here, it's modeling the game packman and the different states that the enemy can be in. So this red ghost right here represents our enemy and in the beginning, the enemy can pretty much be in two states. It's either kind of idle or it updates this movement and then it moves towards packman. But then if packman happens to eat a power pill, then the ghost changes from this regular state to this fearful state. And then in this fearful state, how the update movement changes is that now they will move away from packman instead of moving towards packman when the ghost is in this fearful state and packman is empowering. And then finally, if happen happens to collide with this ghost, then the ghost will then turn to this dead state and they have to kind of move back to the original position. Yeah, so a finite state machine pretty much just identifies the largest identifier way in which we can put herself in a specific state and show with a diagram how we can transition from one state into another state. So back to our state design pattern. I want to give more kind of real world example. So previously I talked about how a button can be different states. So that's what this bright diagram is here saying. So for a U.A. button, a button can be in many states where it can be in a hover states, press state, idle or disabled. And these are all the different kind of behaviors that the button is different depending on these states. So a more real world example is let's look at a dog. So a dog can also be in different states and depending on which state it's in, it behaves differently. So if it's in a happy state, it's waging its tail sticking those tongue being playful of its scared state. It's tail of the students legs tongue is inside its mouth and aggressive state. Tail is not waging its growling and its tail is raised. So the purpose of the state design pattern is for us to be able to model all these different states. But in a way that we can transition between states modularly. So I want to show you some bad examples first as we always do. So what we're trying to model in this big coach that fit over here is we are modeling a button that can be in four different states, idle, hover, pressed and disabled. And then depending on which state a button is in, it's going to do different code. So for instance, here in the idle state, it'll show the idle image when it's in that state. When you're hovering over it changes that picture over here. When it's in the press state, it changes it to this press the image over here. And then we just have an init that's going to set all these images. So nothing crazy over here. This is how we would kind of do our naive or first approach to model different states within a button by having all these different if else statements to represent different code that's going to happen in all of the different states. So this isn't a bad approach if your code is very simple, but imagine that you start wanting to add more logic to this. Then it kind of gets harder to maintain. So imagine then if you have this code that we want to actually maybe add additional states to this right now we have four different states, maybe we want to add an additional four states. Then we probably have to go back to this render code and add four additional if else statements. So hopefully you can see that this kind of getting hard to maintain when we add more and more states and each state has to have its own separate logic. This class is going to get really many huge and the goal of course with everything we learned so far is you want everything to be modular and not having to go back to code to rewrite it or refactor it whenever we add new functionality. So we say that this button is very highly coupled to a state. So as a reminder coupling just means whenever you have code one piece of code that heavily relies on another piece of code. Meaning if you change one you have to change the other then that's no go that's not good at all. And so our goal definitely is we want the button. We want the button itself to be very decoupled from the state so we want to have this button class. Not really depend on this tightly coupled if else statements ideally each of these if else statements would be somewhere else. Not not like tightly coupled like this. So just another example for you is imagine that I'm writing a program where I'm simulating publishing a document. So a document when you're writing something and maybe goes through different states as a draft state then maybe we send that draft to a publisher or like a moderator someone to review our document. And then if that moderator approves it then it goes to a public state and then if the publisher or the moderator does not approve it then it goes back to us and the draft state and we have to rewrite it. Or maybe if it's an address state then someone higher up higher than the moderator they decide that hey it's great. Then we maybe skip directly to the public state or finally maybe we do have a work published but over time. Our publication is going to expire so it kind of goes back to the draft state. So just three different states in this specific example and we would kind of model this in code with this this code over here where we have three different kind of enum states. And then we have our document class where we have our state that can be initially set to draft. And then some are to the example we had before we have to have a way for us to kind of transition to different states. So maybe in our publish method we begin in our draft state and if we happen to call our publish method if we're in the draft state then we move on to the moderation state. And then if we're in our currently we're from the published state then depending if we're an administrator and if we're valid or not then we go to different states. So for an administrator then we go to the public state and if we're not a valid administrator that's administrator then we go back to the draft state. So a similar idea to the previous button code just another example of kind of a naive implementation of states, finding state machines using highly coupled if else code. So now that I've shown you kind of like the quote unquote bad code of doing states let's kind of start looking at how we can do this better. So this is what we bring in our state design pattern. So as we mentioned before the whole purpose of state design pattern is that we want to kind of decouple our context. So we call it context which is our document in this example we want to decouple our document from all the different states that it can be in. So technically this document can be in different states they can be in draft. What was it put back moderation and publish so instead of having moderation draft and publish in a big if if else statement why don't we just extract that information out into its own state class. We'll just have a like three separate classes each representing a different state and that's going to represent all the states that we need. And I think that's what's these notes are saying we actually want to extract everything out into their own extract all the different states to their own sub classes. And if you kind of look at this diagram a little bit more in a way this this kind of point right here it's saying that our document right here. It in a way it's kind of like it's wrapping our state so this document class is a wrapper class around our state. And then it's actually the state that's the thing that is changing in the end not the document class itself. And then this last point down here is optionally point it's saying that each of the states can actually keep a reference to the document as well. So what I mean by that is notice here that we have a document class. And then internally it has a reference to state which makes sense because each document has a change in state. But if we kind of pop into our state class check that out a bit we'll have a state class here and then we look at our specific subclass of state. This itself has a reference back to the document there and I'll explain why we need that later or sometimes we need it. But this is a way for our document or our state to talk back to our document just in case you need to state. So we have this kind of two way communication so documents can talk to the state and then when you're in a state that can talk back to the document. So let's check out a little bit more. So in the previous slide that was the specific state design pattern for a document example. But this diagram is showing the more generalized version of it. So in this case the document that we had before we called that a context. So the thing the main object that we want to dynamically change over time is called the context. And then what happens is that when something when a transition happens in your game or your program then it's the state that we swap out to be completely different states. So in our document example this state changed to the draft moderation and published states. And then therefore whatever client code out here is going to call our context. This client code doesn't know what state or context is in. It's just going to blindly call do this do that. And then depending on what state or context is currently in this do this and do that code. We'll actually kind of drill down and call the actual states the concrete states do this and do that code. Again, if this sounds complicated I'll show you more concrete examples when we look into the actual code.