 Alright, so we've seen lots of examples of list comprehensions, but we can also use comprehensions with dictionaries as well. And they're exactly the same as list comprehensions, but now we can output our expressions in key value pairs. So let's see this example. Let's say that I wanted to double each value in a dictionary. And I begin with this my dictionary, where it has a following key value pairs. We have the string A with the value one, string B with value two, and C3, D4 as follows. And my goal is I want to double the numeric values here, every single value in my dictionary. And here's how I would do it with a dictionary comprehension. So because this is a dictionary comprehension, we have to change the outside brackets to the curly braces, because curly braces are used for dictionaries. The second thing is that it still follows a very similar format. We have some kind of input sequence, which is right here. We have our for loop. And let's try to read this. So in this case, I want to grab pairs in my dictionary. So that's why I'm calling my dictionary dot items. So the items function will grab the pairs in my dictionary. So by calling pairs, then it's going to read all of these as pairs. So pair one, pair two, three, and four. So then what happens is that now that I'm reading them in pairs, their values are going to be saved in these key value pairs. So D is passed into key. And then the value four, let's say, is passed into value. But it goes in at the beginning. So initially it's A is passed into key. And then one is passed into value the next time through the loop, B is passed into key. And then two is passed into value. So then, OK, so let's say that's how it passed in. So here's our input sequence. And then on the left side, here's our output sequence. This is what we want to add to our dictionary two at the end. And our goal here is we want to double each value in our dictionary. So here's the notation. So we have our key value pair. So we have our key. We're not modifying that at all. So key is just key, just like we would before. We separate it by the colon because all key value pairs are separated by colon. Colin, colon, colon. So we have a key colon. And then now we want to double our value. So that's why we take our value times two. And then so now, every key value pair is placed into dictionary two, where the values are doubled. So in the end, if we print out our dictionary two, we get this output at the bottom here. And you notice that all the values are doubled. So four and eight, three and six, two and four and one and two. And so down here, this is just the generic notation of what this looks like. So whenever you do a dictionary comprehension, you have some input sequence right here. So you have your for loop that iterates over the key value in your dictionary. So you have some iterable as your dictionary. And then you can have an optional if statement if you want. In this case, we didn't have a if statement. And then any output is on the left side. And our output always has this format. So you have your key, colon, and then value. All right. So next thing is the cool things we can even make dictionaries from other iterables. So in this previous example, we made a new dictionary from an existing dictionary. But you can also make dictionaries from other types like lists, ranges, or even other iterables. So check it out right here. So for instance, here I'm iterating over a range. So for I in range 0 to 26, I'm going to convert that into a dictionary by having the dictionary brackets on the outside. And then when I'm producing the output, I'm putting it the output in a specific format. I have my key value over here, which I'm going to convert into looks like a character. And then I have the colon to say that this is going to be a key value pair. And then here I have my value. So whatever value I is, I could be placed into here, convert it into a string or character. And then for the value, it's going to take I and then add 65 to it. So it looks like here, this is going to be a is the key 65 is the value. And then B is the next key. And then 66 is the value. So yeah, here's an example down here. So all this does is we might read this expression above as something like I want to create a key value pair in the range 0 to 26 and store it in a dictionary with this notation. So if we print out our new dictionary, it looks like this. So we have their string A with the value 65, B 66 and so on and so forth until the end of Ralph a bit. Okay, so that's great. So in the end, I'm pretty sure your question is that's, that's awesome, but why should we use comprehension? And really, one of the main reasons is to avoid messy while and for loops. So at the very beginning of the lecture, or at least on our section on comprehension, I showed you this specific loop for us to generate a range of numbers from 0 to 10, where all the even numbers are the numbers and all the odd numbers are replaced with X. So what we've done is this chunk of code here does exactly the same thing as this one line of code here. So this is our traditional way of using regular loops, whereas this way is using a list comprehension. And hopefully you see that we very much compressed six lines of code into a single line of code here. And you're right. Initially, if we don't know about this comprehension, this might be a little bit difficult to read. So now that you do know about this comprehension, you can very easily understand that this is saying that for this range of values from 0 to 10, if my value is even, then we're going to save the X value directly. Otherwise, we're going to save the character X into our list. So then we generate a new list into this list variable. So other reasons for using a comprehension is that comprehension themselves hide the iterators that we're working on because we use the for loops. So we're implicitly using iterators behind the scene. And they kind of leverage the power of iterators to do complex operations. They're generally faster, easier to read once you understand them, and they're maintainable assuming they don't get super complicated. So let's look at a code example of where we might use this in more of an actual example. So here I have some output where some of my lines of output have warnings in them. So notice that not every single line has a warning. So this second line here has a warning. This line has a warning and that line has a warning. And let's say it wanted to write a program that will filter out only the lines that have warnings. So let's check that out. Okay, so let's see. I'll show you the original text. So that is log file.txt. So here's my log file. And you see it off the top of just my head. It's just a lot of text. And I don't want to read and filter through all this text to see which lines of code have warnings in them. So you see that this one has a warning. But this one doesn't have a warning. I want my program to figure out and only show me the lines that do have warnings. So let's check out some code that allows us to do that. So here I have my main. And from before we know that we can open our files in the following syntax. So with this file, we're going to open this file in the read mode and the UTF8 encoding. And then after we open that file, I'm going to save that as a log file variable. And what I want to do is I want to only display the lines that have the word warning in it. So I want to find the string warning, save into this tag. And then here I'm creating a list comprehension. And let's try to break down what this is saying. So first of all, we're saying that for every line in my log file, if the tag, in other words, if this warning string exists in the line of text, then I'm going to include that line of text in my list. So in other words, tag lines will contain only the lines of text that contain the string warning. And then after that, I'm going to go through every line of text in my tag lines variable and then print them all out. So if I run this code, you'll see that only the lines of text that contain whatever is in this string warning are printed out. And we can change this to anything else. Let's say I only wanted to find the lines of text that had a warm start in there. So then I would change this one to warm start and run this again. And now you see it only prints out all the lines of text that have warm start. So here you can see it's a really great and easy way for us to filter out only the lines of text that we want. And that's all done through a single line of code. Whereas before, we'd probably have to write a whole bunch of for loops or wild loops to figure out how to do this. All right. So just some final remarks about comprehension is now that you know about them, I'm sure you're itching to use them because it's so easy to compress tons of lines of code into one line of code. But don't write comprehension. If the expression itself becomes so complicated and convoluted, it's hard to read or maintain. So if we kind of go back a few slides, let's find a really nasty one. I mean, something like this is probably pushing the edge already, right? Just trying to understand this is kind of hard to read. So what I'm saying in this summary is just that if you find that you start to write comprehension that are really really long and complicated, then maybe don't write that comprehension. Just use a traditional wild loop instead. And the reason is our goal as developers really is to write good code, but it's also to write code that's maintainable, meaning it's easy for other people to read. So unless receiving tons of time and space by writing a really compact and concise comprehension, we should just use regular four and wild loops. If these four and wild loops are more readable because in that case, a readability and maintainability is more important than just saving a little bit of time. That being said, generally, comprehension are the preferred, Pythonic way of operating on your iterable objects. And in fact, programmers like writing code that is really concise and almost feels magical. I know myself when I have a programming challenge, I try to write it in as little code as possible. So I'm sure that a lot of you have this exact same feeling. A final note is that Python developers have a very specific style to the way they write. And if you don't write in the same way that they do, for instance, if you keep using for loops to carry out operations on iterables, or you use for loops in the traditional way with ranges, and you don't use protocols, and you put every single class in its own module, then you might get some poor reactions from other Python developers.