 Next, let's look at the open closed principle. And again, we're going to start off by looking at the problem scenario. So, now we're switching over gears to a completely new problem. Say that we had a UI widget class. And the purpose of this is I want to create a GUI. And every element in this GUI uses this UI widget class. So, let's say on my GUI element, I have buttons and scroll bars and text boxes, things like that. And I'm going to be using this one UI widget class to represent all these different things. And the way I do that is the following. I have my class UI widget. And then I have this one function called draw widget that lets me draw my widget on the screen. And the way I'm going to implement all these different types of widgets, like buttons and text boxes, is the following. I just have this if-else statement. I say if self.type is equal to button, so string button, then I'm going to write some code to draw a button. Otherwise, maybe if self.type is equal to UI box or panel, UI panel, then I'm going to have some complicated draw logic to draw my UI panel. And this isn't too bad, maybe if I only have two types of UI elements, a button and a panel. But let's check out what happens as we add more and more elements. So let's say I have all these different elements. I want to add a button, a text box, a scroll bar, a label, and whatever other things. Notice that this if-else statement is getting longer and longer and longer. Every time I want to add a new type of UI element, I keep adding more and more elusive statements. And hopefully you can see right away, let's say I have a thousand UI elements. This if-else statement will be a thousand, thousand elusive statements long. And hopefully you can see that that's pretty terrible code. Because if every time you want to change the logic or algorithm behind our drawing button, we have to go back and edit this massive draw method. Not only that, but if there's an error or bug somewhere in one of these UI elements, then that means that bug exists theoretically in the class for all these other types of UI elements. So this is where the open closed principle comes into play. And that's saying that software entities such as classes, modules, and functions should be open for extension, but closed for modification. So that's where it gets the open closed name, open for extension, but closed for modification. And all this means is that once you make a class, its behaviors shouldn't be modified to support special cases. It should be closed for modification. And instead, we should extend or inherit from the class and override behaviors. In other words, it's open for extension. So this is probably still kind of vague in terms of what it means, but let's look at other examples and hopefully make this much clearer. So we're going to still take that UI example that we saw earlier and try to fix it in this new version. So in this new fixed version, I create this abstract UI widget class. And then in that UI widget class, I create a draw widget function or method. And then at this point, once I've created this class, as a developer, I say that I think this UI widget class is done. Meaning I'm never going to go back to touch this class ever again. At that point, I say that this class, this UI widget class, is closed for modification. When we say closed for modification, it means that I won't go back and add new functions to it. But it's open for modification. So it's closed for modification, but open for extension. Sorry, it's open for extension, but closed for modification. And that means that if I want to add new functionality to my UI widget, then I'll have to add it through its subclasses or inheritance increment. So let's look at what's happening next. So instead of having a giant if L statement in the draw widget function to add new functionality, I'm going to use inheritance and extension to do that. So here, when I create my text box, I create a new UI text box class instead. And then I override the draw widget function, and then I have my complicated drawing code there instead. And then if I want to add a scroll bar, then I create a scroll bar class, and then I override that draw widget function that I inherit from the UI widget, notice that both of these classes are inheriting from UI widget here, and then UI widget here. And then I have my complicated drawing code for scroll bars here. And what this does is it means that I no longer have to go back and modify the code in UI widget to add new functionality. I just keep adding more and more extending the code. So in our class diagram here, we have our UI widget, which is our abstract base class at the top, and then all the new extended functionality, I just create new subclasses to have more and more different types of UI elements. So just the statement at the bottom is just saying that any changes to UI button would not affect any other widget, which is another benefit, is that if I make any changes to the code here in my UI text box code, it won't affect any code in here because they're completely separate classes. Each widget class is modular and decoupled. And in that sense, it even follows a single responsibility principle that we saw earlier. And as a reminder, the single responsibility principle is saying that each class should focus on doing one thing and one thing alone. So a UI text box should only focus on being a UI text box. You shouldn't also have to worry about being a scroll bar. See my dear for here, the UI scroll bar only has to focus on being a UI scroll bar, nothing else. So the way that we did this is we used abstraction so that UI widget class is now an abstract base class to ensure that each UI component that inherits has the same interface. So hopefully this is clear. Once again, once we created our UI widget class and we finalized it, we decide that it is now closed for modification. We cannot go back and change the code in here. However, it is open for extension, extension meaning we want to add new functionality to it. And the way we do that is we create, we extend it by creating new subclasses.