 Next, let's move on to dictionaries. And dictionaries are similar to other language. It's a type of container where it doesn't store all of its elements in a sequence, where you have index 0, index 1, index 2. Instead, it stores data via a collection of key and then value pairs. And the idea is that we put data into our container, but then when we put that data into container, we have to associate that with a key. And the key is the way that we can access or retrieve that data from our dictionary and also allow us a way to change the values. So here, the main thing to remember is that every key must be unique in our dictionary. So here are some examples. We have our variable dictionary 1. And the way that we create a dictionary is with the curly braces. So here, we have the curly braces. And as soon as we do that, we're telling Python that we want to create a dictionary. And what we're saying here is we want to create a key that is a string name. And we're going to we're going to associate it with the colon symbol with our value box on a Troy. Here, and so what happened here is we just created a dictionary with a single key associated with a single value. And this situation, we're creating a dictionary with two keys and two values. So we have a single key called one number, the integer number one, that's associated with the string count 3522. And then we separate that with a comma with a second key with the value to with a colon and then another value. And then we have dictionary three right here that we are just associating a string with a string. So it's it's pretty much the same thing as we did up here with dictionary one. And then finally to create an empty dictionary, all you have to do is create a variable that equals to the empty curly braces. So just so you know, you might hear this term where sometimes keys are so are called attributes instead. And this concept of key value pairs appears everywhere in programming. So when you have tables where whose contents are arranged and access by the key, or you have query strings in URLs. So in this case, for instance, the key is probably a name and the value is Python, or you might have element attributes in markup languages like HTML. And other names you might hear for dictionaries are hash tables, associative arrays, or self-balancing binary search trees. We don't want to be able to change the key once it's in our dictionary because it is our way to access our data. And we can use anything that's immutable as our key. So we can use strings, numbers, or tuples as our keys in the dictionary. And the cool thing is that the keys in our dictionary don't have to be the same type either. So in this code, first of all, I'm creating an empty dictionary. And then the first key value pair and putting in is the following. I create a key called value. And that's a string. So this key is a string. And I'm assigning the value of 100 into it. Notice that even though this is a string down here, I can create another key that's an integer. So this integer one is my key. And that's assigned a value of one. Another integer two assigned a value of two. Here, I'm creating a key that's a float. So 2.5 is equal to the string value here. So in the end, when I print my dictionary, you can see I have a mixture of strings as keys, integers as keys right there, and a floats as key right here. So here's the challenge for my dictionary right here. What's actually happening in this line of code? So it looks like what's happening is that I'm creating a key that is an empty tuple. And then the value that I'm putting at the location of the empty tuple is an empty list. So then when I print out my dictionary, we have all the values that we had before. But here we notice that our key is an empty tuple. And it's associated with the value of an empty list. So what I can do later on is that I can access my empty tuple key. And then now I'm changing the value of it to equal to the string hello world. And then when I print out my dictionary again, we see that our empty tuple key has changed from the empty list into the hello world string instead. So I probably recommend you don't do something like this because it's not really clear what this key is, but just showing you that you can assign a tuple as a key. Just like lists, dictionaries are a dynamic data structure so they can grow and shrink at any time. So in this case, I'm creating a dictionary that has one key and value pair. And when we print it out, we see we have a single key value pair here. And it's not set in stone, meaning that we can grow over time. So then over here, I'm adding another element to my dictionary by creating a new key and then passing a new value. So now we see we have two key values here. So name, boating make both face, and then a second key value pair occupation water bar. So this shows you how it can add elements to a dictionary. So next, we can see that we can delete key value pairs as well. And we use the DEL keyword in that case. So here I'm creating a dictionary with a whole bunch of key value pairs. So I'll include here one, two, three, four key value pairs. And then the way that we can delete an element is we just have to call the delete operation, call the dictionary. And then passing the key that you want to delete. And what that'll do is it'll delete both the key and the value. So that when you print out your dictionary, you see that the key and value associated with here, 3.5 is gone. So this 3.5 value is missing in this case. To end things off on our talk about dictionaries, I just want to show you that you can use dictionaries to represent data in many different ways. So in this case, we can use a dictionary to represent one object with different attributes. So maybe I have a character with the attributes of age, height, favorite food, and name, and the values that are associated with it. Or another way we can use a dictionary is we can have a single piece of information about many different types of objects. So here I want to represent a bunch of exam results. So I want to save the names of all the different students and the numeric exam results for the students. So this is just examples of all the different possibilities of how you can use dictionaries.