 Okay, so first we're going to check out this lecture exception example code. And what I have here is a class called even list. And the purpose of this even in this class is it's my own custom list that can only store even numbers or even integers. And I'm going to be inheriting from the built in Python list. So I create my own custom append function and it takes in some value. And I just have two checks. So the first is I'm checking if the value that I want to insert into my list is an integer. If it's not integer, it's going to raise a type error exception. The second thing I'm checking is I can only append even numbers into this list. So I'm doing a modular check. And then if this fails, then that means that I'm trying to pass in a value that is an odd number. So if that's a case, I'm going to throw this error. Otherwise, if everything is good, it's a both an integer and an even number, then it's going to append this value into my list. All right. So then we have our main. So then my main, I make an instance of my even list. And now we have a whole bunch of tri blocks. So first I have this outer level try. And then this outer level try, I'm going to be capturing all these tries. And then it's going to end with this except over here. That's going to catch the most broad level exception that I can get. And then print out this class caught something statement. And then I have my inner try statement right here. So this is just to show you that definitely you can nest try statements. So I have my inner try block right here. And then I'm going to execute some code. I'm going to go through one by one, but I just want to give you a high level overview. So then for this try block, I'm going to be catching a bunch of different types of exceptions. So I have value error type error and the broad level exception. Then I have an else block as well. So this else block is run when no exceptions are actually thrown. And everything is fine. So that's where this is run. And then we have the finally block. So this is unique where this is going to run regardless whether an actual exception is thrown or no exception is thrown. And then finally, after all that, I have a print statement here. Let's go to print out the contents of my list. So let's go through a few examples and then see which sections of the code that we're going to hit. So first of all, we're going to go through the perfectly fine OK case. So here I'm appending to, which is an even number to my list. So then if I run the code, two should have should have penned no problem. So two, calling the append function will pass both of these checks. We are an integer and we are an even number. So we're going to append to our list. So then what happens is that this code is run. And then because no exceptions were thrown, we're going to enter the else part. And that's going to state that no exceptions occurred. And then we're going to go through the finally block, which this part runs regardless, whether there are exceptions thrown or not. So then we have the finally block executed. And then we have the print statement here, the prints out of the contents of my list, which is right here. And then after that, we are done. We don't hit this except block in the outer state. And then we finish the code. OK, so next, let's check out the next version right here. Here we're going to append three to the list. So three is an odd number. So what that means, I'm just going to run it first. Three is an odd number. So what that means is it's going to pass this, it's going to pass this test because it is an integer, but it's going to fail this test because it's an odd number. So it's going to, I'm going to raise a value error exception. So we get a value error exception that gets thrown here. And then we hit this exception block right here because it's a value error type, we do catch it here. And then we save it into our e exception variable. And then using that exception variable, we can access the string via the args zero at two pull. Because as a reminder, whenever we get an exception, the arguments are saved in a two pull called args. And we can access that just by accessing the first parameter. The first parameter is always the message in our exception. And the message in our exception was this one error list here. So we see that this is the error message that we're extracting will be access index zero. Then in this case, because an exception was thrown, we don't run the else block. But the finally block always executes. So that's why we have this finally block execute here. And then when we print, when we print out the list, nothing is added to our list, which is what we expect, because we did not want to add the number three into our list. All right, so next we have this one where we're appending the string for. So let's run this. And we know already that we're not allowed to append non integer types to our list. So what that means is we're going to raise this type error exception instead. So the message inside here was attempted to append invalid type. So this code runs, we throw an exception, we have a type error exception. So it's caught right here. And then we print out that we caught this exception E. And we're just printing out E on its own. So the cool thing about exceptions is if you just try to print out the exception on its own, it will automatically print out the message here. So you can either do this or E args zero. That should also work. Yep. So E arg zero, I think that's pretty much the same message. I don't think I see any differences. Both of these approaches work. So let's run this again. Yeah, it looks like it's exactly the same thing. Cool. So in addition to doing this, I'm also going to raise another exception just for fun, just to show you that you can raise exceptions within an except block. And notice something that's interesting that happens. Typically when you raise an exception, any code after this is ignored. And we we go directly to handling this exception. But notice that even though I raise an exception on the spot here, this finally code block is still executed. So you notice here, that's the the key power of the finally block is that no matter what happens in here, or let's say I do a return statement in here, the finally block will always be executed. So that's keep one thing to keep in mind. And in terms of how the finally block is different than just having code happen after here. It's because notice here, we don't print the contents of the container because it's not inside the the finally block. But we do still execute any code that happens here. Okay, so I raise my exception here. And so what that causes us to do is then further exit out of this tribe block out into this outer tribe block. So this exception is caught within that outer tribe block. And therefore it is now caught in this outer except block. So you see it's printing out class caught something right here. And then the final bit here is let's try the return statement. So notice here that I am just returning right away. So as soon as it enters this tribe block, I don't execute any code. I return right away. So once again, this is just a proof that there's a purpose to the finally block. So even though I'm returning right on the spot in the tribe statement, you might think that we're going to exit right away. But nope, we still have to execute whatever code we have in the finally block, which is right here, the print here. And we have to do that before we return. Yep, so hopefully that clears up a lot of what we covered in the lecture today.