 The second function I want us to look at is time.sleep. So this is a function, sleep function, that takes in seconds as a parameter. And this allows us to pause our code from executing for a specified period of time. And just so you know, it doesn't have to be whole numbers of seconds. You can pass in decimal or float values as well to have a pause for half a second or some point less than a whole number value of seconds. So let's look at a quick example. In this case, we have some code that's going to import the time module and then have a for loop that's going to iterate over the range of three numbers. And then during that time, we're just going to print, tick and then sleep for one second and then print, talk and then sleep for one second. So that's just jumping to code and quickly see what this is going to do. So here is my sleeping test code. And oops, I didn't import time. So let's bring that back. So now just make this quicker just to show you that you can also pause for half a second as well. But pretty much this loop is going to iterate over three times. And then every iteration through the loop is going to print a message and then sleep half a second. So let's just run this and see what it's going to do. So tick, talk, tick, talk. So pretty fast there and the one second version of course works as well. Tick, talk, tick, talk, tick, talk. Yep, so pretty straightforward there. So far we've seen that the time module is great for getting the time since the Unix epoch in seconds. But the problem is that that seconds time is pretty hard to read. So if I've popped back to the code and let's just say I run this bit of code where I grab the time in seconds. So if I run this one, you see that this is great for getting the time in seconds. But it's kind of hard to read in the sense that maybe I want to figure out what this is in months or day or year or hour. So that's where the date time module comes into play. So the date time module lets us manipulate the dates and the times. And what it is is it contains a new data type called date time. And date time represents a specific moment in time. So the date time data type in the date time module can be used to create date time objects. And date time objects use integers to store all these different aspects. So year, month, day, hour, minute and second. And then what that allows us to do is we can convert that giant second seconds time in the Unix Epoch timestamp into a date time object. And then from that date time object, we can then convert that using the from time set time stamp function. The date and time, the date time with them, it converted to the local time zone. And what that allows us to do is something like this. So let's say I call the print function on the date time module within the date time object. And I call a from time stamp function and then I pass in some integer. So here I'm just passing in some arbitrary number here. And what that does is it converts this integer into a nicely formatted time stamp in years, day, month, hour, or second. So here you see that after execute this code, it'll say it's that this seconds is equivalent to the year 1970, I guess January 12th at 5 a.m. 46, 46 minutes at 40 seconds. And down here though, let's say I wanted to get the date time currently. So it's the same call. I just call the date time module, date time object, call the from time stamp function. And then I pass in the time now. So recall that when we call the time.time function, that returns us the time now in seconds. So when it takes the time in seconds right now, that it'll give me whatever current time it is right now. So right now it's like 2021 something for me. I know this string is wrong, but this will change whatever for whatever time you have. And the cool thing is that date time objects can actually be compared using comparison operators. So what this means is that the later date time object is always the greater value. So here I have some different times that I'm creating some creating a date time date time object with the 2018 year and then month 10th and 31st as a day. So October 31st, which is Halloween day. And then New Year's Day, I'm creating another date time object. That's the year 2019 January 1st. And then October 31st here same idea as the Halloween one. So in this first print statement, I'm just trying to see if the Halloween date time object is equivalent to the October 31st date time object. And this is just just to show you that you can compare date time objects with other ones. So in this case, it will return true because this date time right here is equivalent to this date time right there. And then next you want to see if Halloween is greater than the New Year's Day date time. So meaning does Halloween occur after New Year's in this case, it's false because Halloween is occurring in 2018 and a New Year's Day is 2019. And then finally here, we're just checking if the New Year's Day is not equal to the October 31st day. And in this case, that is correct. They are not equivalent to each other. So far we've seen how to nicely format our Unix epoch into a date time and date times represent a single point in time. So January 1st 2021, let's say. But sometimes we need to figure out the duration between two separate points in time. That's where time delta comes into play. So time delta represents a duration of time. And with time delta, we can store a whole bunch of different data about time. So week stays hours, minutes, milliseconds, seconds, and microseconds. And let's see how we can create them. So going back to our Halloween and New Year's Day example, first we're going to create two separate date time objects. So again, these are two separate points in time. And then after we've created them, let's say we wanted to figure out the duration between them. So the way that we can do that is we take the New Year's Day time, date time, subtracted by the Halloween date time. So two specific points in time subtracted from each other. When we do that, that creates a time delta object, meaning some duration between them. And that time delta object is saved into this delta variable. So when we finally print out our delta variable, this will tell us the amount of time between these two time data points. So this will print out that there are 62 days between Halloween and New Year's Day. So this shows us one way to create a time delta object. Another way is to manually just create one just with the regular class and instantiation. So here we're calling the date time module and then saying that we want to create a time delta object. So then for that time delta object, we want to construct it like this. We pass in five for the days, 11 for minutes and seven for seconds. So we're just directly creating a time delta object on the spot. So for delta two, we're saving that into here. And then when we print delta two, this will tell us exactly the duration that we created. So five days represented here, 11 minutes, 11 minutes there and seven seconds are saved right here. We're going to end things off by looking at a small program that's going to pause its execution until a specific time or date. So we've began by importing the date time and the time module. And then we're going to create a date time on the year 2021 April 10th at 9.00 o'clock. And then for this date time object, I'm going to save that into our final exam variable. And all we have is a while loop that's saying that while the current time has not yet reached or is less than the final exam date time, then we're going to keep sleeping. So very simple program, but this just shows you that you can kind of combine everything we've learned together to pretty much pause execution until a specific time is reached.