 The final piece of review is going over some extra functionality that you can perform when you're doing your string formatting. This is specifically for setting different decimal places and mixing and matching are different formatting approaches. So let's look at our code. So here we go. The first one is just showing you how you can have extra curly braces as variables versus as literals because sometimes you actually want to just show curly braces instead of replacing the curly braces with a variable value. And that's done by the following. So here we have our string and in this approach we're using the .format approach. So we have a string here and every time we want to replace one of these with a variable it has to be in a format where we have the curly brace left curly brace right and then a number indicating that that is the kind of index you kind of think of it as the index of the parameter that you want to replace it with. So this is kind of index 0 and then this is index 1. So this class string which is index 0 is going to be placed into this position. But let's say you don't want to replace or treat this as a variable. You want to treat that as a literal curly brace 0. The way to do that is just wrap around this curly braces 0 with another set of curly braces. Then you can actually print out this literal string value here. The second thing to note is that you can format your variables with specific decimal places. So we have our value here. This float 2020.123 and eventually I want to put this float value into this variable position. So the way we do that typically is we have curly brace 1, 1 being the parameter index of this parameter. But let's say I wanted this float to have a specific decimal position. So I want to have 2020.1 and I want to delete the 23. In that case you just have a colon period and then the number of float decimal positions that you want. So this says you want one extra decimal position for your float. And then after that this is our string. So we have to call the dot operators like you're calling a function on your string to format it with these two parameters. So after that your my string is loaded with this formatted string and then we print it out. So let's first just run this and see what we get. So right click this one and then run. See here you see that we have hello this first zero is replaced with the string class. So you see that class right here. And then this bit right here is saying I want to print the literal curly brace zero curly brace. So the way to do that is we wrap it around with these extra curly braces. And then finally it is the year 2020. I know it's 2021 now but maybe we'll have something like that. So it is the year 2020 2021 and with one decimal place. So we see here there's one decimal place. Another way to do it is this extra bit of code right here. So here we're not using the dot format approach to format our strings. Instead we're going to be using a different format. So here we were just loading up a variable name and a variable room which is a float. And I'm going to be printing this string using the conversion specifier approach. So in this case I have a string right there. And then every time I'm expecting a string I want to have a percent s. And then over here I'm expecting a float variable. So I have typically I have percent f like that. But in this case I want to specifically say that I want two decimal place float. So that's why I have a point two here. So this says I want to float with two decimal places. And then after you have a conversion specifier type of string you have to separate it with the percentage sign. And then in brackets you specify what you want what you're going to replace them with. So the first primary you see which is going to be our string is going to be placed into here. So name is going to be replaced here. And then room is going to be replaced here. So you already see in the output we have course. And then the name was comp 3522. So this one gets replaced into this percent s slot is in and then percent point two f. So this room has a value of 655.05. So here it looks like it rounded it up the 0.552.06. So we have two decimal places. And then I think this one this last one right here is just for mixing two different string formatting approaches. So here we're using our we're attempting to mix our conversion specifiers which is the percent f percent s thing with string formatting. So you can kind of see that it doesn't quite work. So we're trying to print out course percent s and we're trying to mix in our string formatting with the curly brace 0 is in this one. So it doesn't quite work because when we try to print out the string then you see this result. So this this part works where the percent s is replaced by the name and the percent point two f is replaced by the room over here which is great. But you notice here that the the curly brace 0 is just appears as a literal string curly brace 0. And that's perfectly fine. So hopefully this kind of clarifies how you can use your different formatting methods and how you can have specific decimal places with different approaches.