 Our first topic of today is errors and exceptions. So we're finally going to learn how to try, catch, and throw exceptions. And in our attempts to write object, language, and programming code, there's so many different edge cases that it's very often that we forget to capture all the edge cases and our program will fail. And the way that we get around this is that, like many other languages, Python raises errors and exceptions that notify us, the developer, what went wrong and where. And the great thing about this is that the errors usually provide a very useful message about what went wrong and they provide a stack trace and show us the line numbers and function calls that happened when that exception occurred. So when you've been writing your code, you might have seen some red exception code that looks like this. And what's happening is this code explaining to us where that exception has happened. And the reason there's three outputs in this case is because we're saying that the actual exception happened on this final line, self.data. And that happened further up in the stack because we called this print function and that in itself happened because we called the main function. So it's like we're going to reverse order from the top level function that was called to an interfunction to the actual line of code that was called. And at the very end, we state the name of the exception itself. So this is the key error exception. And this goes as extra information saying, I guess we had some invalid key in this case. And the great thing about this is that we can just click on this blue line and that'll bring bring us directly to that line of code where the exception was thrown. So let's look at some examples of code that will throw an exception. So in this first case, I want to get some input from the keyboard and then I want to interpret it as int. And I want to save that into a user choice variable. And then here I am entering hello as my keyboard input. Then in this case, I get a value error exception that just says that invalid literal for int with base 10 hello. So I can't, I guess, assign hello into our user choice because it's a string. Here we have a list one, two, three. And I'm trying to append or add the string for to it. Then we get a type error that says it can't add a string to a list. Here, I'm trying to add a number four to my list. And I'm trying to use it by calling the add function. But this is an attribute error because it says that the list object itself doesn't have a add function or add attribute. Here, I'm trying to divide nine by zero. So I get a zero division error. And that's because we all know at this point that we can't divide by zero. Here, I'm trying to print the string 99, but I forgot to include the parentheses. So this is a syntax error. And it tells me I'm missing the parentheses. And then finally, we have a print, but I'm trying to print out a my variable. But in this case, because I never defined a my variable variable, it's telling me I have a name error saying the my variable is not defined. So the reason I'm going through all these is to show you that there's a bunch of built in exceptions already exist. So we see name error, syntax error, zero division error, and a bunch of errors on the previous slide. And I just want to show you a list of some common exceptions that you might have come across yourself. So all of these are some common exceptions that exist in Python that you might have seen. And the key thing that I'll note about this is that all of these inherit from the base exception class. So these aren't individual classes that exist on their own. They all inherit from a base exception class. And we'll get into more of that later on. So this diagram is just showing you the basic flow of how exceptions are thrown and how exceptions are handled. So generally, we begin at this point where we have some code that we want to execute. And then when we execute that code, we wrap that around in what we call a try statement. And that try statement is pretty much asking the question, does this code that we're wrapping around, raise an exception? In other words, does it throw an exception? If it does not throw an exception, so false, then our program will execute normally as if nothing happened and everything's all good. If we did happen to raise or throw an exception, then we enter this new state right here. Does a handler exist, meaning if we throw an exception, is there an extra block of code somewhere that can capture this error and then handle it nicely. So we don't just exit the program. If it's true, then we'll execute whatever code that is going to handle that error. Otherwise, we're going to hit the false statement. And because there's no code that can handle our error, we're just going to terminate the program and display some error message. So let's look at some code to see how we throw exceptions, catch them, and then handle them. So the first is, let's learn how to throw an exception. In this case, Python uses a little bit of different terminology. So before you're probably used to the throw keyword. So in Java and C++, we use the throw keyword. And all we have to remember in Python is that they use a different keyword, which is raise functionally, it does exactly the same thing. We're just throwing an exception or we're creating an exception object and then letting our code handle it. So in this code snippet, I have my own custom divide function taken to numbers. And then I'm just checking if the number two is equivalent to zero, then I'm going to raise, which is the equivalent of throw a zero division error exception. So all I'm doing here is I'm creating an instance of the zero division error type. You can see that because I have the parentheses and then throwing it. So as you saw earlier, zero division error is one of the built in exception types in Python. So I'm just creating an instance of one of the built in types and then raising that exception. So after we raise an exception, we have to have code somewhere that's going to handle it. So that's where we have the try accept block. So you're probably used to try catch blocks. And this is exactly the same thing, but instead of using the catch keyword, like in Java or C++, we use the accept keyword. So in this code, let me just explain this. We have the try block. I'm sure you used to. We have the try keyword. And then anything that we put in this try block is going to be examined to see if they raise any exceptions, or if they throw any exceptions. If any of this code happens to throw an exception, then we're going to catch it with the accept block here. So accept replaces the catch keyword. And then any code that happens to be in this body will be executed if any exceptions are thrown in any of these function calls or even in the body of code anywhere. So this diagram is just saying in general, this is the format. You have the try keyword and you have a block of code that is run. If any of this code happens to throw an exception, then the accept keyword block area will capture that and then execute whenever code is here. So let's bring all of this together in a specific example. So in this example, I want to figure out how we deal with dynamic types. In other words, I want to figure out if, or I should say this function can only take in integers. And if they're not integers, I'm going to raise an exception. So I have some code here that says if value one is not an instance of integer or if value two is not an instance of integer. Or in other words, if value one or value two are not integers, then we're going to raise a type error exception. So we just happen to choose that of the built in exception types that this type error exception most closely matches the proper exception that we want to throw. So we chose to use the built in type error exception and then provided a useful message here. So if our type or value one and value two are not integers, then we're going to raise an exception. And then somewhere outside of this add something function, we have our try accept block. So here we have our try keyword or add something functions. So in the first case, we're properly passing in the integers one and three. And that should work fine. And then in the second case, we're passing in the string three with the integer four. So in this case, this add something function should raise an exception. And since it raises it, we're going to properly print out an exception was caught in our accept block. So that's great. Now we know how to raise a try and catch or try and accept a single exception, but how do we catch different kinds of exceptions? And what if we want to handle each exception differently? So to do that, we first have to understand the exception hierarchy. All exceptions are objects that inherit from a base exception class. And you see from this diagram that the base exception class has three subclasses. It has exit or system exit exception and keyboard interrupt. So the key thing to note is that when we write our own code, we should only focus on exceptions that inherit from this exception subclass. And the reason that's the case is because system exit and keyboard interrupt are special exception types. They're used to handle some special cases like when we exit the program or we interrupt a program from terminal with some keyboard shortcut. And that being said, we should never have an empty accept clause. Because if we have an empty accept clause, that's going to capture all kinds of exceptions. So every single exception, including these special exception types. So this code here is too broad in its ability to capture every single exception. And the way that we can fix this to make this a little bit more proper is we only ever want to catch exceptions that fall underneath the exception hierarchy here. So to do that, I would have to change this one to accept exception at the very least. So we don't accidentally catch system exit or keyboard interrupt. So look now that we know about the exception hierarchy, there's some other little aspects that we should focus on. So I have a little bit of a question for you. Here I have some code that is going to throw an exception. So we have our class test that has some method in it. And then in this some method, all it's going to do is it's going to raise a zero division error exception. And if we look at our chart, zero division errors down here as a subchild or a subclass of all these other exceptions. So it's definitely a subclass of exception. And then over here in the code, I'm creating an instance of my test object. And then in my tri-block, I'm going to call the sum method to raise my zero division exception. And notice here, I have two accept clauses. So this is how we can capture multiple types of exceptions. We have accept exception and accept zero division error. So my question then is if I run this code, which is printed? Will it print exception caught or will it print zero division error caught? So the answer is it's going to print out exception caught. And you might be wondering why that's the case. Because if we look at our code here, we're directly throwing a zero division error. So why isn't it capturing or capturing in the accept clause here are zero division error? So the reason that's happening is because the order, the order in which we catch our exceptions matters. So if we go back to our previous graph here, notice that zero division error is a subclass of exception. As a result, it's technically of the exception type. So when we run this code and we throw our zero division error here and it gets tried here, the type of zero division error is technically also an exception type. So as a result, this exception block will catch our zero division error. And then we're going to print out this exception caught instead of this one right here. So the rule of thumb is if whenever we have subclasses of exceptions, we should always catch the subclass versions first before the wider parent exceptions. And in fact, part time will typically warn you if you try to catch this broader exception type. So the solution to this is we want to flip these two accept blocks. So I'm just going to flip them on the next slide and notice that zero division error is caught first before the parent level exception is caught. So in this case, we will properly print out zero division error caught if we run this code. So generally, try catch blocks will follow this form. You have a try keyword in the try block, which is any code that you want to normally run. Then you have your accept a keyword with the accept block here. That's the code that will execute if an exception does occur. Then optionally, you have an else block. And this is executed only if no exceptions are raised. So if this accept block is not run, then this else area will be raised. And then you have a finally keyword. So this is kind of neat. This one will execute regardless. So whether there's an exception or there is no exception, this finally block will be run. Some people might then wonder why bother having a finally block here. Why don't we just have code outside here and that'll execute regardless of whether there's an exception or none exception. And my answer to that is that if you have another exception that's thrown in your accept block, then any code that you have down here won't be executed. So that's why you need a finally block here. That will execute whether or not there is an exception or none exception. Python has a very specific policy or philosophy when it comes to error handling and exceptions. In other languages, we try to catch all the errors possible before they happen. And we do this by having a whole bunch of if else checks. Python takes the opposite approach. It's running the code and assuming it'll work. And then if it doesn't work, then it's going to throw an exception. And we call this philosophy the it's better to or it's easier to ask for forgiveness than for permission. So if you have a whole bunch of if statements, it's like you're saying, may I do this? May I? It's like it's asking for a whole bunch of permission before it can access the code. Whereas Python is saying, let's just go ahead and run the code. And if something goes wrong, then let's apologize and ask for forgiveness. And the question is, what's wrong with all the if checks? What's wrong with the approach of asking for permission before we execute code? And the reason these if checks are bad is because for one, exceptions are actually much faster to run. You just once you hit an exception, you throw it, you catch it, you're done. Second is that performing all these if checks is a waste of CPU cycles if generally your code always works. The if statements are great for capturing the cases when the code doesn't work, but in the vast majority of cases, we should write code that we assume does actually work. So if our code does work, then we don't need all these if checks. And then finally, generally, we try to keep our functions atomic anyways. So because they're atomic and they only do one thing, there's less of a need for these if checks. And if an exception does happen, let's just have some higher level logic deal with that issue. So some other final topics is we now know how the exception process works. So let's go ahead and create our own custom exceptions. And since all exceptions are objects that inherit from the exception class, we can define all of our own custom exceptions. And it's very easy to do that. Just like you would inherit from other classes, it's the same thing, except that when you create your own custom exception, so this is actually my custom exception, all you have to do is inherit from the exception class itself. And just by doing that, your class here is now an exception. Or I should say you're creating your own custom exception. And then optionally, you can override the initializer by having a custom message. So here I'm taking in a parameter for my custom exception. And then I'm just passing in my custom error message up directly back to my parent exception class. Something else you can do is when we catch our exceptions, oftentimes we actually want to maybe get some information from the instance of the exception that was caught. So we can definitely do that. And we use that, we use the as keyword, along with a variable name to capture an instance of the exception that was thrown. So here we have our accept block. And then my exception is the specific type of exception that you want to catch. So in the case, I want to catch my own custom exception called my exception. And then as it's saying that I want to capture this exception type as a variable name called E. So E is the actual instance of the exception that was thrown. And then after that, I can have my own custom code to access parameters or arguments in my exception. So this catches the exception into the instance variable E. And then after that, we can access the exception just like any other instance of any other class. So the final, final bit of note is that the basic exceptions initializer contains a bunch of arguments. And these arguments are stored as a tuple of arguments. And typically there's only one argument that explains what the error is in a string. But you can have additional arguments. And these are accessed using the square bracket operator, almost like it was a list. So in this code, what we're doing is we are raising my own custom exception. And then in this case, I am creating a custom error message string and a value 99. And then when we want to capture our exception, we have the exception type. We have the as keyword and we're capturing the exception as the E variable. So then if we just print out all the arguments of our E exception, we come out looking like a tuple here with the string and the number. But we can access each individual element from our tuple just like we would any other tuple with the square brackets operator. And we access the indexes to get the information out of the tuples. So let's check out some code that brings all these concepts together.