 Next is the list of substitution principle. So we're going to expand on our previous problem, where we created a widget class. From that widget class, we extended it to create a UI panel, UI scroll bar, and UI button. Everything's great. Now we have all these different UI elements, and they have a whole bunch of different functionality. Now we want to add the ability for these UI elements to be displayed on the screen. So we incorporated this new canvas class. And the purpose of this canvas class is they want to be able to draw all these different UI elements to the screen. So we want to have some kind of draw screen function. So let's check out the UI towards the canvas class here. So we have an initializer, and then in this initializer, we're passing in each of the individual UI elements. So we have our panel, scroll bar, and button. And then we're individually assigning each of these parameters to number variables. So we have our underscore panel, underscore scroll bar, underscore button. After that, we have a draw screen method. And in this method, we're going to individually call draw on every single one of these UI elements. And the question is, would this be a good way of drawing all the different widgets, or all the different UI elements? And hopefully you can see that this is a pretty terrible way of drawing all the elements, mainly because if we had a thousand different elements, would we be passing a thousand different individual parameters in here? That'd be pretty bad. At the same time, we'd have to create a thousand different member variables here to assign all the parameters into the member variables. And also we'd have to instantiate a thousand different calls to the draw function. So this would be pretty bad. And maybe give a second to think about how can we solve it? How can we make it so that we don't have a thousand different calls to all these different UI elements to draw them? So this is where the list of substitution principle comes to play. And what this principle states is that if you have a class S, and S is a subtype of some class T, then objects of type T may be replaced with an object of type S. In other words, if you have a parent class as a parameter in some function, then you should be able to replace an instance or you should be able to call that function with not just a parent class type as a parameter, but you should also be able to pass in subclasses or child classes to that parameter as well. So objects in a program should be replaceable with instances of their subtypes without altering the correctness of that program. Or in other words, for this specific UI example, you should be able to refer to all the different UI widgets as its parent class type UI widget. And in Python, it's so easy that it's invisible and it's hard to explain. So I'll show you another example after this. But for this specific case, here's how we're going to try to solve it. Instead of the canvas directly depending on each of the concrete UI elements here, the canvas class should instead rely or depend on the UI widget class abstraction instead. Because the UI widget already has a draw function in it. So why bother calling a draw function directly in the elements? Just call the draw the draw function inside the UI widget instead. So how we do that is that we still have our canvas class. Instead, instead of having each individual UI panel, UI scroll bar, UI button as a parameter, we're just going to take a list of widgets instead. So this widget list is just a Python list that contains all the UI elements that we want to draw. And then we assign that UI widget to our member variable. Then later on in our draw screen method, all we're going to do is iterate over our UI widget. And then we save that into a temporary variable called widget. So this widget theoretically is pointing directly at UI panel, UI scroll bar, and UI button individually. Then we call the draw function on the widgets themselves. And this is how we can avoid the situation that we saw before. So now we just have a widget list filled with all the different kinds of UI widget objects. And since they all have the same interface, which is the draw method, they can be treated as if they were the base class, which is UI widget. So we don't care about the actual subtype of this widget variable. All we care is that this widget is referring to this UI widget class. And they all have a draw method. So let's just blindly call the draw method. So I want to show you another example in some Python code that hopefully will make this a bit clearer. So Python makes it so easy. That's really hard to see this concept. But here I've created three different classes. I have a parent class and two child classes. And the whole idea behind them is that they just have one method that makes them print high. So I have the say hi method. And it prints up parent says hi in the child version, or child one version says child one says hi. And child two version says child two says hi. And then outside of all of them, I have this generic say hi function. And it takes in a parameter of the parent type. And then for that parent type, I'm just going to call the say hi method on them. And then down here in the main, I'm just going to instantiate all the different types and then call the say hi function on all of them. So for the parent, child one, and child two. And the whole idea behind the list of substitution principle is that if I have a function or any kind of constructor initialize or whatever that takes in parameters, and that function takes in some parameter, this parameter should point to the parent type. So in this case, conceptually, this parameter is referring to the parent type class here. And the substitution principle is saying that whenever we've referred to the parent type, we should write the code in our parent code and the child code in such a way that I can replace this parent type with my child type. And this code will still work. When I say replace, I mean that I can pass in child types into this function, which I'm doing right here. And these two, I can pass in the child type or I can pass in the parent type. And all the code should still work. So that's the principle. And we see that when I run this specific code, that even though this function is taking in the parent type, it still does work whether I pass in parents or children. So again, it's a little bit harder to see in Python because we're not typing all these parameters. So in something like Java, we'd probably type it like this. So type parent, variable name parent. But because in Python, all the types are determined dynamically, we can't see it. So that's why this principle is a little bit harder to get across in Python just by showing it, but hopefully you understand the concept at least. No one outside.