 The next principle is the law of demeter. So this isn't part of the official solid principles, but it's another principle that we should definitely follow. And normally I would do an example of this in real life for you where I would have a wallet and do some role playing. But since we're online, I'll try to do the next best thing. So here I have a little paint program to show this transaction that I want to do. Imagine that you're going to a store and you want to buy something. Let's say you want to buy a keyboard and you as the customer have handed over the keyboard to the cashier and now you want to pay for that keyboard so they can give you the keyboard. So let's let's look at the normal scenario. In the normal scenario, you as the customer, you want to pay for the item. So then you would take your money out of your wallet, give it to the cashier. The cashier would give you your keyboard and then transaction is done. So that's good. That's what we want. Now I want you to imagine an alternate strange world. So in this alternate strange world, similar idea, you want to buy a keyboard. So you give the keyboard to the cashier. Now the cashier wants to take your money. But we're going to handle things a little bit differently. In this case, the cashier is going to reach into your hand or pocket, grab your wallet, then from your wallet, they're going to grab your money, then they're going to give the wallet back to you and then the transaction is done and you have your keyboard. Hopefully you see that was kind of weird. The cashier should not have the ability to reach into you as the customer's hand, then grab your wallet, then grab the money or the thing that they're looking for that should not happen. So let's bring this back into coding, for instance. Let's say I wanted to simulate this transaction with code. In this case, I have a few classes. Let's say I have a customer class. I have a cashier class and I have a wallet class with some money in it. So three separate classes. And if I were to model this in code and I wanted the cashier to take money from the customer, then it might look something like this. So we start from the cashier class. The cashier class gets an instance of the customer class. Then through the instance of that customer class, I'm going to access their wallet class and then from that wallet class, the access, the money that they want. So this is probably something that you might have written yourself. You have a class that goes to another class that reaches through that class to get another class to get the data that they want. And hopefully you see that just from this example, that's kind of weird. If we kind of transfer this to a real world example, that's kind of weird. And in general, this is what the law of Demeter's saying that we want to avoid doing. So let's bring back the slides and kind of review this concept. So again, imagine if we had customer cashier and wallet and they're all separate classes. The cashier should not have the ability to reach into a customer class and then reach into the wallet class of that customer to get the money. The law of Demeter's stating that classes should not have knowledge of public members several classes away. So the cashier should not have knowledge of what functions or methods are available inside the wallet. At most, cashier should only know what methods are available in the customer. So the cashier can only access the customer but not wallet through the customer. So let's look at some code, maybe let me get even more clear for you. So the law of Demeter is saying that each unit or class should only have limited knowledge about other units. Only units closely related to the current unit. So they should only have knowledge of units closely related to the current unit. And each unit should only talk to its friends. Don't talk to strangers. So in other words, don't have code that looks like this here. Where we have some starting object, then we call some get x function that returns an object that calls another get x function that returns another object that calls another get z function that calls another object to finally do some code or call some function that gets some data. So this statement is saying that each unit should only call other units that are close to them. In other words, this object function or this object instant sorry should only, let's say at at maximum call a get x function to grab some other class. And then that's it. We should not have knowledge to call these inner functions down here. And these are what we call the strangers. So these ones down here are too far down this method call. Or another example is let's say you have an instance of my character GUI to bring it back to the example we had earlier. We shouldn't call get character data to get some character data and then call a create character function on that and then call save function on that. This is far too deep. At maximum, we should probably call this one level deep here, which is get character data. The problem is that because it's so convenient to do these chaining of calls like this, it's very often that we forget the law of demeter. So that's why some people call it the suggestion of demeter because we avoid these situations very often or we kind of perform this problem so often. Okay, so let's bring it back to our example code. So in the case, we have that game layout solution that I mentioned a few slides back. We're in this game layout. We're trying to create our our character creation system. And in this character creation system, I want to display a UI that creates an object that's a character and then we then save that character in our system. And if our system looked like this, then we will have to call, we will have to break the law of demeter by doing a very long call. So in this case, for my game to ultimately create a character and then save that character, I have to write code that looks like this. So inside of my game class, for my create character method, I have to go self dot character UI, which is this one, dot get character creator. So that'll get this character creator object from there. Then from there, I call the dot save method inside of here and then pass it in whatever character data here. So you can see that not only is it hard to read, I couldn't even fit this on one line, but it's obviously very bad code because I'm reaching into a class through another class through another class through another class. So again, this is hard to read code. Even by the by the time I, it came time, it came time for me to write this in my slides. It was really hard to get the save and display properly. And not only that, but another problem is that any changes we make to the save method might have a ripple effect that will go all the way back up through my character creator and then maybe into my game itself. So for instance, if I change any code inside of this class, then that might affect code in here. And that in itself might affect code that goes in here, that then goes into here. So that's another reason why we should follow the loft meter and not have this long chaining of function calls. Okay, so let's look at a solution to this problem. So the solution is, so look at this diagram closely. What I'm going to do is I'm going to swap game with character creation, UI, and then also change dependency. So in this next diagram, notice that the game has the character creator UI on its own separate branch. It's only depending on here. And then therefore the character creation UI is not depending on the character creator class itself. So the now game is only depending on character creator and then character creator is depending on save writer. In this case, the code looks quite a bit different. So inside of our game class, which is this one right here, we have a create character method. And then in this create character method, I'm just grabbing myself that character UI and then calling get data. So notice we're only going one level deep to call our get data inside of our character UI instance. After I get that data, then I pass that data into the character creator itself and call the initially initiate character creation method. So I pass that data there. After I have that self dot, self dot character data, then somewhere later, I'm going to use that. So then down here inside of my character creation UI class, which is over here, we saw that we had our get data method. And all it does is it returns the self dot character data. And then in the character creator class itself, which is right here, we have a single initiate character creation method. And we just we saw earlier here that we're just passing in the data. So this data right here gets passed into the data here. And then it calls its own internal create character method with that data and then gets my character object. And then finally, to finally save that character data, we call the save manager, which is some, I guess, a member variable inside of our character creator and call the save method on that and then passing the my character object.