 So this method of adding our profiler to a function just got a little bit easier by having this tag. And we can go one step even better. So there's a small limitation with the code I've written so far. And that limitation is that my profiler or my custom profiling code will only work with functions that don't take in any parameters. So if you notice my heavy function doesn't take in any parameters. And then so therefore it can perfectly work with my profiler here. But what if I did want to take parameters? What if I wanted to, let's say, profile this heavy function to instead? In this case, my heavy function to does taken parameters and not only that, but it also returns some value at the end. And if I try to execute my heavy function to function and add my profiling decorator, then let's see what happens. Let's see if it works. So if I run the code, it's going to complain that it doesn't actually support it. So there's some error here. And it's saying that inner function doesn't take in any parameters. But however, two were given. And what that's really meaning is that I'm going to call the heavy function to and pass in two parameters. Heavy function to is currently decorated with the my profiling code. So really what's happening behind the scenes is the following. And I'm effectively calling my profiling code. I'm passing in the heavy function to as a the parameter. And I'm also passing in zero and 200 that I have down here. These two arguments right here. I'm passing these two into there. So it's almost like I'm calling this my profiling code. What the heavy function to and I'm passing into arguments. The problem is is that is that the inner function in here is not accepting any parameters. So the two arguments that I'm passing in here will not be caught. So in order to support those two arguments and potentially X number of arguments. I should change this inner function to look more like this one instead up here. So notice that to be able to sort or accept any number of arguments and any number of named arguments. I'm now adding this ability. So by doing this, it can now accept any number of arguments and any number of named arguments. So this inner function will now accept those things. And then I also then have to change this bottom part here. So when I call my function, previously it was accepting zero parameters. But I need to forward any parameters that I get passed in here down to my function call here. So now recall that this function call is actually going to be my heavy function to call. So this is this really should be replaced with heavy function to in the end. And then these two parameters will be replaced with zero and 200. So that's kind of what's happening in the back end. So by changing it to look like this, this can now accept any kind of function and any number of parameters that are passed in. And then not only that, now I'm also supporting the ability to have a return value as well. So if we scroll down to our heavy function to this technically is returning a value. So let's add the ability to also support this return value. So now I'm changing this code to also be able to accept a return value. And so one last step is that we had the return value. That's great. But once my inner function is complete, let's return that value back out. So now if I were to run this again, then this will work 100% no problem. So we see that when we execute the main function, we're just calling heavy function to like regular. And then heavy function to is tagged with the my profile and code decorator. So it's going to run the heavy function to or I should say if we actually trace this, let's go ahead and trace it. I'm going to put a break point here, go to debug mode. And then let's step into my heavy function to so notice that as soon as I stepped into heavy function to it jumped directly into the intersection of the my profiling code. And then we execute all of the profiling starting code. And then if we actually look at our special variables, we see that funk right here is actually our heavy function to directly. And then the args and quarks, you can see args has the zero and 200 value in their directly. So then it's going to execute my heavy function to run this. It actually has a heavy function to and then if it stops the profiling, then it prints all the stuff to the screen. So all this stuff is the code right here. And then at the end, it returns the return value that my heavy function to created. So heavy function to does all this math and then returns the sum and then the very, very end we print out that sum whatever it is. And it turns out that the sum that it prints out is 3,800. So yeah, hopefully that wasn't too confusing. I tried to break it down kind of step by step how we can improve our profiling code from the initial profile code fragment where we had a function that does a profiling that takes another function to the to then add the ability to have a decorator for our profiling code. Then to further improve it so that our decorator can support functions that take in multiple parameters instead.