 All right, so let's start by writing our first Python program. And as usual, we always start this off by printing out Hello World to the screen. And let's just jump right into the editor to see what this looks like. So the editor that we're going to be using is called PyCharm. And right now, I am in my PyCharm editor and I have my hello.py script open. So all of your Python files will end in the .py file extension. Hello, just happens to be the name of my file. And the way that we're going to print out Hello World is we just type in print. So print is just a function and then just like any other function in any language, you have to get this around it with parentheses. And then in our parameter, we're going to pass in Hello World as a string. To our print function. And that is it. That's seriously that is it. The only thing we have to do to print Hello World. So the way that we run this is I'm just going to right click my hello.py and then select this Hello Run Hello option. So run that in a print set Hello World. Another option is you can press the play button up here. After you've did this right click and then left click run Hello for the first time. So I can run it like this as well. So a few things I want to point out is that you probably noticed that there is no semicolon. So in Python, there is no semicolon to end your expressions or statements. So that's the first thing. And next thing you might be wondering is how is this even executing? We don't even have a main function anywhere. So you're 100% right. So in Python, there's no main function by default. That's our entry point into our programs. It just runs our code from top to bottom. So from top of their script to the bottom or a script in order. So how can we get our main function? So we have to kind of hack our way into getting it. So first of all, I want to show you some interesting things about Python in general. So here we have our Hello World Print function that works fine. So one thing we also have to know is that every Python file that you create has a built-in variable called name. So we call this underscore underscore a dunder. So these two underscore, so I call it dunder. Dunder name dunder or under double underscore name double underscore. And this is a special variable. So this whole thing right here, that's a single variable. And that will tell us the name of this specific file. Now if we run this code, it's going to print out Hello World first. And then it's going to print out the name of this file. But notice that even though the name of this file is hello on the top here, it's going to print out that the name of this file is main. The reason it's doing that is that if you run your code from a script, then that script will be known as the main file. And it's going to change its name. So by using this trick, we can just say, hey, if we are running our code from the file that is currently known as the main, then let's use that name as our entry point into like a main function. So we can do it's kind of a hack, but check this out. So we can say something like if the name of this file is equivalent to main, then we're going to execute some code. So let's say I move this in here. And then let's see, I'll keep that there. I'll keep that here. So something like this. So we're saying that if the variable name of this file is equivalent to main, then we're going to print out hello world. Or maybe I'll do something different. Let's just do something like this. I'll do hello world up here. And then I'll do like high class down here, high class down here. So then if I run this again, you'll see that it'll print a hello world. The name of this hello file is main. And then it'll also then realize that okay, name is equivalent to main. So therefore we're going to print out high class. So that might seem a little confusing because you're like, well, this file will always be called main, then. So now I want to show you another example. So check out these two files, file one and file two. So let's look at file one first. So in file one, we print out hello world. And then we're going to print out the name of file one. And we have if else statement in this case, we're saying if the name of this file is main, then we're saying that we're running our code directly from this file one code. Otherwise we're going to print out that we're being imported. So if I run this code, it's going to print out hello world, print out the name of this file one, which is main. And then we hit this if statement that says that if we're currently main, then we're going to print out, we're running our code directly from file one, which is exactly what we see here. So this works perfectly fine, but you might be wondering, well, we'll never hit this else statement then. So then let's check out file two. So in file two, the first thing I do is I'm actually going to import file one. So that's effectively like it's copying all the code that we got from file one into this part right here. So it's almost like we're literally going like this. So I want to copy all this code and then we're pasting it into it's kind of like doing that. So I'm going to import file one. And then this code is doing something very similar. It's going to print out the name of file two. And then I have the similar if statement that says if I'm currently running the code from this script, then I'm going to print out that file two is the one that's being run. Otherwise, we're going to say file two is being imported. So let's run the code and run through what's happening. So I just ran the code. And the first thing that happens is we're going to import file one. So let's go back to file one and it prints out how the world right there. And then it prints out that the name in this case, the name of file one is file one. So the name of the file up here. Notice how it's no longer main. The reason it's not main is because we're not running the code from file one where running the code like we're pressing this play button from file two. After that, after this part right here, after this line that prints out this one, then we hit our if else statement. So in this case, file one is named file one. So the name of it is file one. So therefore we hit the else statement and we print out file one is being imported. After that's done, we finished this import area in file two. So then we print out that file two. Now has the name of main because I'm running my code from file two. And then because the name of file two is main, it matches this part. So file two is being run directly. I know it's so funny because every time I explain this, this is like the most confused using thing of the first day's lecture. But if I could just summarize all this into one thing, it's just that whenever you want a script to be the main source of running your code, then make sure that you have this if statement where you have your name is equivalent to main and then you have the rest of your code down here to run anything. So let me just bring up the slides to go through this. So we just gone over that this underscore underscore name underscore underscore is a special variable that's built into every Python script. And that tells us the name of the file or the name of the script that we're running from. If you're running your code from that script, then this underscore underscore name will always have the string underscore main. And then so by knowing this, we can hack our Python script by saying that if we're running our code from a specific file, then we know that we're now in our main script. So then we can then run our main function from there. So as we say, as you said earlier, underscore underscore name is a special Python variable. And its value is automatically set by Python itself. So if you're running the code from a script, then that name will be changed to underscore underscore main. If the module is run from a different script, then this underscore underscore name will be set to that modules or that that file name that scripts file name. So the way that we can use this to our advantage is that once again, if it's one takeaway from this thing, it's just have this if statement here, if name is equal to main, then call your main function. So in our main function right here, we're just printing how the world. So yeah, this is a complete code to print out how the world using a main function. And all this code is saying is if we're running code starting from this specific script, then call the main function. And just so you know, there's no significance of naming this function main. So there's no main keyword right here. I can change this to Jeff right here, and it would do exactly the same thing.