 Then on this slide, these are actually all the specific design patterns that we looked at in each of these specific categories. So the first one we're going to look at today is the behavioral design patterns, which has the observer, chain of responsibility, state, strategy, and mediator. So a little trick is that I know that we covered a ton of different design patterns, and it's going to hard to memorize which ones which. So the key thing is that oftentimes the name of the design pattern itself gives you a hint as to what it does. So when I look at the name observer, I'm thinking something is observing or watching something. So that gives me a hint of what that design pattern is about, and briefly, all the observer design pattern is, is you have a bunch of objects that want to watch or observe one object. So therefore they have to figure out where to make each other. Chain of responsibility, chain, this reminds me of a chain, like a linked list, chain of responsibilities. So it's like a chain where each link in the chain has a responsibility. And that's exactly what the design pattern is all about. It's you have a whole bunch of objects in a linear list, and then each object in that list is responsible for doing something. So let's just dive right in. Okay, so the first behavioral design pattern is the observer design pattern. So we learned this one way back in week five, and this is the first one we actually came across. And the whole idea about this design pattern is that you have one object or class, which we call the core. You might hear this call as a subject as well in other online resources object. It's got the core of the subject. So this is the object that wants to broadcast information out to a whole bunch of different objects. So this core wants to send in, send some message or information out to all these observers. That's the main purpose of this pattern. So that's great, but we want to make it so that when this core sends information out to these observers, we don't want to have high coupling amongst these observers and the core. And the way that we do that is that we make it so that all these observers, observers one and two, they just inherit from this common observer interface. And what's going to happen and then is that this core is going to have a list of observer interfaces. So what this allows us to do is that when a core wants to send a message out to the observers, it sends the message out to the observer interface. So this core, it doesn't know about the concrete implementations of these two observer one or two. Core just blindly calls observer. Here's information. And then because of this abstraction right here, this call function will then call the call functions within observer one. And then observer two. So that's how we get around highly coupling this core directly with these concrete objects here. Instead, what we've done is we've coupled the core with an abstraction instead. So an example that you might want to use this is in a game, for instance, when the character dies in the main gameplay, you want to broadcast this information. The player has died out to the rest of your game. And you have a whole bunch of other systems that will be listening to this. Progress information. So imagine that when a character dies, you actually want to inform. Let's say the great the game over screen to show up. You want to inform the high scores to update or and you might want to inform the save system once that you save the game. At this point, so you have three separate systems that are relying on this one. Action that has happened in the game. So this might be a great way for us as to communicate this information out without coupling our gameplay. States with the separate three components here. If you want to example, I did provide example way back in a week five. So definitely check that out. Okay, so the next one is a chain of responsibility. So as an even plies, it's a chain, like a regular real life chain, where each link along this chain has some responsibility. That's how I try to think of it when I'm trying to memorize all of these. And the whole point of this one is that if you're in a situation where the problem is you have some request. And that request needs to go through a series of steps and needs to be processed along each step before you finish with it. Then this is the perfect design, pardon for it. So the reason we want to do this is that we want to actually decouple each of the steps along this chain. From the actual sequence of operations. So what I mean by that is imagine you have, let me see if I have, I don't have that other slides. So imagine I have an email program. And my email comes in and I actually want to filter it through several filters before it gets to me. So an email might first go through a spam filter. And then the next step is it goes through, let's say, favorite people's filter. And then it goes through a profanity filter. Let's say there's three different filters. So after it goes through all these three filters, then it gets into my actual inbox. And the reason we want to have this pattern is that maybe someone else doesn't care about the spam filter. So if we've written or coded in such a way where each of our handlers, so each of the filters in this case, is one of these handlers. So each handler is completely independent of the other handler. This way we can kind of swap around all these different handlers and we can achieve different effects. So another example here is that imagine you have a document that needs to go through several stages of validation. So the example I gave in class a long time ago was that we had some students fill out a BCIT form that has information about the courses they want, their name, if they've paid fees. So each of these checks, so courses correct check the fees paid check and the student information check. All of these will be implemented as a separate handler. And because we do that, we can kind of mix and match these handlers in whatever order we want. And as a result, this mixes checking much more flexible than if we hard coded each of these handlers in one giant class. So I think it went over this pattern actually on the previous lecture. So check back in the previous lecture went a little bit more in depth about that. I think I'd give you some code sample as well. Okay, state. So the purpose of this design pattern is when you have an object in this case, the object is something we call a context. And for this object, what happens is that when it changes its state, meaning there's some situation or scenario that happens. And then you want this entire class to almost change its entire behavior. Then that's a situation where you want to use a state design pattern. So in this case, what's happening probably better if I gave you an example is that imagine that I had a game where depending on what state the game is in, different screens show up. So when I say a state, I just mean that in a game typically you might have like a main menu state, a gameplay state, and a game over state. So three distinct states. And depending on what state the game in, it shows different things on the screen. So in this case, my context would be my game. And then my state would be one of these three objects. So I probably represent my state as an enum initially. So 0, 1 and 2. So 0 is main menu. 1 is gameplay and 2 is game over. And then depending on which enum number the state is currently in, I'm actually going to swap out the state object. So these concrete states over here. This contains the code for each of my actual state and what it does. So for instance, main menu, gameplay and game over, each of these are separate concrete state objects. And within each of these objects, we have some functions that actually does logic for whatever that state symbols into. And then how this, how this design pattern is powerful is that this context. Notice that these functions do this match up exactly with the do this here and do that. So what we're doing is that the client outside the game will call do this and do that. But the client doesn't know internally what state the context is in. So imagine initially this concrete state, if I draw something here. Imagine that I have put in the main menu. Imagine this is the main menu right here. This is the main menu object. And I've currently put that object into this state variable. So then at that point, all of these do this and do that functions. All of them will be calling the main menus and do this and do that function. Leader on, if I change this main menu, let's say I swap out the main menu with a different state. If I swap it out with let's say the game over state. Then what happens is that the context whenever the client calls the context do this and do that. It's going to call to do this and do that within the game over state. So it's almost like this context object has been replaced by these objects over here. So that's the whole point in the state pattern. It's just that whenever you have a main object or you dynamically want to change its entire behavior, all these functional behaviors, then you would use this specific pattern. Next through strategy. So you can almost think of strategy as a smaller, much smaller case, much smaller scenario of the previous state design pattern. Whereas the state pattern changes the entire context. So this is the context. The previous state pattern, it changes the entire context and what it does. What the strategy does, it's a very, very smaller subsection of it. Meaning it only changes one of the functions of what it does. So in the state pattern, we changed everything about the context. So all this through this and do that function. All that was changed. Whereas compare that to the strategy pattern, only one of the functions has changed. So this is just where imagine you have a game character and the game character has a weapon. And you actually want to, you don't want to change the entire character. You just want to change the character's weapon so that it can swap between like an axe, the sword or a hammer. So in that case, this context would be your game character. This do something would be, let's say an attack operation. And then what's going to happen at a runtime is that these concrete strategies, these are your actual weapons. So this will be your sword, axe or hammer. And then your client at runtime will then change, take this concrete strategy and plug it into the strategy right here. And then this do something function will then call this strategy execute function. So that allows you to change this weapon strategy to whatever you want. And then as a result, this do something function will just then call this strategy to call this execute function. So it's just a very small scale version of the previous state pattern. Next pattern is the mediator pattern. So the whole point of this design pattern is when you have an object that wants to communicate with other objects, but you don't want to couple everything together. So what's happening is that in this diagram, we have an object here or a class here, class here, class here, class ABCD. And each of these classes, they want to communicate with each other. So maybe class A eventually was a communicate with class B class B eventually might want to communicate with class D something like that. But we don't actually want to directly have an instance of component A and instance of component B in here, communicating here. And we don't want to component B have an instance of D directly talking to this one because we want to avoid coupling wherever possible. So what we do instead is we introduce a mediator. So that's the central class right here, which is also the concrete version is down here. So what we're saying is that we're going to introduce an intermediate step between two classes communicating. So instead of component A directly communicating with component B, what's going to happen is when component A wants to say something or send a message component A is just going to call the mediator. It's going to say mediator. I want to say something. And then the mediator has code within its functions to know to send the message over to component B. Same idea would component B wants to talk to component D. The component will just tell the mediator, hey, I want to say something. And then the mediator will then have code within here to know to send the message over to component D. That's generally how this works. And then to explain this class diagram and what's happening. So each of the components has a function. And this function just has the logic of what it wants to do. And you probably already notice there's also an instance reference to the mediator. We need this instance reference to the mediator so that the component C can actually talk to the mediator at some point. So after the operation C is done somewhere in this code, it's going to have a call to mediator at the end of it. Then in the mediator interface itself, all it has is a notify function. And what this notify function is it just takes an parameter, which is the center. So imagine that component A is sending a message to component B. In that case, component A is going to call notify and then pass itself component A into center. So that way at least the mediator knows who is calling the notify function. So then what's happening here is that there's a bunch of instance variables that represent all the actual instantiations of all these objects. We have our notify function, which is where we're actually doing the routing logic to call one component to another object. And then these are optional functions that is how we're specifically going to react to messages from different objects. So the example I want to give, I have modified the previous diagram with my specific example here. So what's happening is imagine that we want to model a traffic light system. It's a little bit different from regular traffic light, but the idea is pretty much the same. So in this case, the traffic system has three different buttons. There's a red yellow, red yellow and green button, three separate buttons. Where when you press them, they're going to change the traffic lights color. I'm pressed. So red button changes traffic light to red, yellow button changes traffic light to yellow, green changes traffic light to green. And then after that, a car will respond to these changes in the traffic light. So when the car sees a red light, it's going to stop. And when it sees a green light, nothing is, I'm sorry, when the car sees a green light, it's going to go. And then when it sees a yellow light, nothing is going to happen. So hopefully you can see that there's a some kind of communication that needs to happen. So we need all these three separate components to communicate with each other without actually coupling them to different components. So if I go over to the diagram, ultimately what I want is this button. I want this one to send a message to the traffic light. The changes color. And then it want the traffic light to then send its color to the car to let the car know what to do next. But again, we don't want it directly couple button to traffic light and the traffic light directly to car. So instead what we're doing is we're introducing an intermediate step between, which is the mediator right here. So this mediator is going to be intercepting all the messages that the components want to send. And then know how to redirect these messages. So your mediator has the actual instantiations of all of our specific objects. And then our notify function and then an optional execute function. We need this just for this specific example. You don't need this for the pattern. So what's going to happen instead is at the button. When it's pressed is going to send a message to the mediator. The mediator in notify function is then going to know to send that message to the traffic light. And the traffic light gets the message. It's going to do some logic and then send a message to the mediator. And then the mediator knows that the traffic light wants to talk to a car. So then the mediator will send a message out to the car and the car will do something. So I will go through the code and but I'll have that in a separate video to keep this specific lecture short and concise based on just the lecture slides. So definitely check out the separate video when I go through the mediator sample code. So I will go through the code and then send a message to the mediator. So I will go through the code and then send a message to the mediator. So I will go through the code and then send a message to the mediator. So I will go through the code and then send a message to the mediator. So I will go through the code and then send a message to the mediator.