 Hey class, welcome to week three of lecture. So today we're going to begin with a bit of a review on duck typing and abstract based classes because I realized that I didn't actually give you a more in-depth code example for abstract based classes. So we're going to check that out and then we're going to dive into the main topics of today, which are more ULML diagrams, so sequence and collaboration diagrams. And then we're going to talk about a higher level kind of more design topic, which are dependencies and coupling. So let's begin with abstract based classes. As a reminder, Python has this concept called duck typing. And the analogy is that if you have an object such as a bird and that bird walks, swims and quacks like a duck, then let's just treat it like a duck. So in code, if we have some unknown object and that object has the ability to concatenate index and convert ASCII and it does everything a string can do, let's just call that object as if it was a string. So duck typing is when an object's ability to do any operations and determining its typing is done at runtime. So in the example that we gave earlier, we had some function called add and it takes in two unknown parameters x and y. We don't know the type of these when we're writing the code. That type is determined at runtime. And inside of our add function, we're just using the plus operation on these two unknown parameters. If a and b can work properly with the plus operator, then duck typing is saying that sure, let's just go ahead and add them. So in our example over here, when we add two integers, we just say, oh, integers can add with another integer. So let's go ahead and treat a and b as integers. In this case, when we pass in strings, then in this case, a string can add with another string. So let's or I should say this parameter can add with that parameter. So let's just go ahead and use the concatenate function on them. So the other example that we had in class was we had some enemy class that can take damage and a player class that can take damage. So in this case, later on, we have another function called attack that takes in a character and then we apply the take damage function on them. So duck typing occurs here because when this function takes in this character parameter, we were saying can this character parameter call a function called take damage. If it can, then let's go ahead and just call take damage on it. So in this case, whether we pass in an enemy type into character or player into character, this function doesn't care. As long as it has a take damage function in it, then let's go ahead and call take damage. So hopefully that's a little bit clearer as to what what duck typing is. It's when an if an object can react to whatever function calls or calls on it, then let's go ahead and just call that function. Okay, so the thing about duck typing is it's a great way to implement polymorphism because you can see that at runtime, we determine the type of the object and if it can properly respond to our function calls or attribute calls, then we just go ahead and call it. But there is a problem and that problem is that when you're reading someone's code, like for instance, if you read this code right here, it's kind of hard to determine what kind of object is passed in. So it can be difficult to predict and ensure if the given object has a common interface. So that being like does it have the methods to call so that our code works as we expect. So that's why we say that duck typing as an informal way of performing polymorphism. So to make it a bit more formal, that's where we use abstract base classes. And abstract base classes are a class that defines a set of attributes and methods and properties. But we don't actually implement them. So you can kind of think of it like we're developing the prototype for our eventual concrete classes. And then any of the child classes that inherit from the abstract base class must implement and override these attributes and methods. Or in other words, the child class has to implement the interface defined by the abstract base class. So in Java, interfaces and abstract classes are two different concepts. You actually had to use different keywords to create interfaces and abstract classes. So for interfaces, they only have methods signatures. While abstract classes can have both method signatures and some attributes. So in Python, abstract base classes allow us to do both. So they allow us to create both interfaces and abstract classes. It just depends on us. If we write an abstract base class that only has methods that we consider it an interface. If we write an abstract base class that has method, signatures and attributes, then we consider it an abstract class. It doesn't really make the distinction here. So the way that we do it is we call the ABC module. So let's look at some code samples, how we do it. So we showed you this one last time. This is the bird example where we had a class bird and that inherits from the ABC. ABC class. And that's from the ABC module. And then after that, remember the purpose of an abstract class is we want to define some method signature prototypes. So you want to say what the method looks like like this, but we don't actually want to define it. So whenever we want to have some empty code, we always use this pass keyword. That's explicitly telling Python, hey, I'm leaving this code empty on purpose. And then also we have to tag all of our methods that are abstract with the ABC dot abstract method tag. So we have a fly abstract method here and a lay egg abstract method here. And so then this abstract class, or in this case, because there's only empty signatures for our methods, in this case, our interface is done. So then we went over this. We decorate all our abstract methods with the ABC dot abstract method keyword. And then here I'm defining a class parrot that's going to implement the if lie method. So if, if however, you fail to implement all of the abstract methods, then Python will generate an error for you. So I'm going to show you some code to bring this all together. Okay, so this is the code that we showed you earlier in the slides. So we have our abstract base class, which is bird. So we see that we first, we import the ABC module to get access to abstract base classes. Then for our bird class, we just call ABC dot capital ABC. So this means that I'm inheriting from this super class, which belongs to that module. And then in my abstract base class, I'm going to create two abstract methods. So we have our fly method and lay egg method. And with do pretty much one thing, I'd say, we have to tag our abstract methods with this decorator at ABC dot abstract method. And that tells future classes that this method is an abstract method. So therefore it must be all written in a subclass or else we're going to throw an error. And then this past keyword is just saying that this is an empty method on purpose. So I could replace this with the print function if I wanted something like that. And it would still work. So if I run this code, it'll still work. But my whole purpose is I want these methods to be empty. So that's why I'm having pass in them. And just so you know, we can't just have it empty like that, or else it'll throw an error. So that's why we have to have pass. Okay. So then this is this completes our bird class. So now we implement our parrot class that implements all the methods that are abstract in the bird class. So we see that we perfectly match the signature of fly down here. And then we also perfectly match the lay egg signature right here. So we don't have to have any tags like this in the concrete classes down here. And then so for each method, we're just going to print a simple message. And then so just so you know, you can also of course with these concrete classes, you can make new my new method. You can definitely create new methods if you would like. So like that. So then down here, I create an instance of my parrot subclass. And then I can call my fly method and lay egg method just as we expect. And of course, I can call my new my new method as well. And run that. So that all works. So what I really want to show you is that, let me just get rid of this new method is that Python does enforce if you don't properly implement all the abstract methods. So when I run this in the regular case, everything works fine. You see. And then if I were to delete, let's say they lay egg method and then run it, then you see we have an error. And it says can't instantiate abstract class parrot with abstract method, lay egg. So this is telling us that if we don't implement the lay egg method, then this parrot class is still abstract. So that's one key thing about abstract classes and their children is that if you have an abstract class that's not fully implemented here, then this class is treated as abstract as well. So we have to fully implement everything for this parrot class to be considered a concrete class instead of an abstract class.