 Here we have the code for our school admin system using the chain of responsibility. As usual, I'm going to have the UML diagram just floating around here on the left, so we can kind of follow along what's happening. Let's first implement the request portion of our pattern. In this case, the request is going to be our form that has all the information about our students. First of all, we're going to have our student account. And in here, you see we have a student account class. And all it has is just an initializer that takes in a bunch of arguments. And then we're just setting some data. So this literally is just a bunch of raw data about a student. So the name, age, ID, fees, do, what program they're in, and then a list of their courses. Then we have our enrollment application form. And we see from the diagram, the idea is that this is going to be a class that contains a student account inside of it. So we have our enrollment application form class. And then this is kind of like, imagine this is like a physical form, that a physical piece of paper form you're filling out, or some digital form you're filling out online. So this has pretty much the same information as we have for the student records. We still have a name, age, student ID, but a few different things. So there's courses for enrollment, what fees paid an enrollment year. And these are the, this is the new information that's passed in. So we have the name, age, ID, courses for enrollment, student account, enrollment fees, school year. So again, the whole purpose of the system is you want to make sure that the enrollment form, so this, the information that provided in this enrollment form, matches the information provided in the student record. So that's why you see that we're also passing in a student record here. Student account here, sorry, I should say. And that is just a point to a reference to an existing student account. So the student account is pointing to a previous student account that's that we're listing. All right, so next we have the handlers themselves. So I want to implement all these handlers over here. Specifically, let's begin with the base school form handler. So here, this is going to be our interface. So that's what we've got a class that implement or inherits from the abstract base class. And then in our constructor or initializer, all we have is we have a quick way to set the next handler in a sequence. So see we're taking in an argument here by defaults none. So this is setting our next handler to point to whatever handler we're going to be initialized with. And then we have our handle form method. So this is going to be overridden later on to take in some enrollment form and then do whatever validation checks we need to see if that enrollment form matches our student records. Then we also have a set handler method as well. So in our set handler method, that is a way for us to easily change our next handler pointer to point to a different handler in a sequence. So the cool thing about this is we can change it dynamically whenever we want. Okay, so then we have our validate student handler. So that's the one over here. And in this case, they are validating some student name and ID. That's the main thing is doing. So first of all, we mentioned that in the interface, we had to override a handle form method. And that's you see that's all we're doing. In our validate student handler class, we inherit from the interface. And then we're also overriding the handle form method. And we're overriding it with whatever logic we need to perform a, I guess, a validate student handler functionality. So in this case, all we want to do in this specific validation step is you want to check if the name in the form matches the name in the student account. And we're also checking to see if the student ID in the form matches the student ID linked to that account. That's it. So if both of these are true, meaning we have, we have, we have properly validated a student, then we're going to do this check. So this one is saying that if there's no more handlers in this handler sequence, then that means we've reached the end of the sequence. And we just return no message. And that true, true meaning we have successfully reached the end of our handler sequence. Otherwise, what we're going to do is we're just going to call the next handler in the sequence. So you see it's calling self next handler handle form. So this is where the chaining of our calls happens. So again, think to a linked list, whenever we're dealing with a linked list, we always want to check to see if there's a next node in our linked list. If there is, we're going to call the next function to call that. So this is a similar idea. So we're saying that if there is a next handler in the sequence, let's just call the handle form function or method in that handler. So again, this handle for method is just the same as this one. And then the parameter that we're passing, or argument we're passing is the same enrollment form that we got. So you see that throughout this whole chain, all we're doing is we're passing this enrollment form from one handler to the next handler in the sequence until we reach the end of the sequence. And when we do reach the end of the sequence, we're going to hit this code that just returns true. All right. So this is the kind of think of this as the successful case. And then in the failure case, meaning that a student name and ID does not match, then we're just going to return this message and some Boolean. So our message is a student cannot be validated. And then we have a Boolean. That's just going to say that we have failed to validate the student. So that's going to be it for our validate school, validate student handler. Yeah. And no wonder I'm confusing myself because this is called validate school handler. It should be validate student handler. Okay. So next we have our course or check course offering handler. And as the name implies, the purpose of this is to do some kind of validation checks dealing with courses. So again, we override our handle form method. We're taking in the same enrollment form. And then in this case, the check that we're going to do is we're going to go through all the courses in the courses for enrollment list. And if the enrollment year is not in some courses list, then we're going to say that the course is not offered during this year. So I guess overall the purpose of this for loop is just going to check to see if a specific course is offered in a given year. So in this case, if the course is not offered, then we're going to have a failure case. So we're say course is not offered. And then we return a false situation. And then so the rest of this is the same as we saw before. So we're just saying that if there's no other handler in the sequence, that means we reach the end of our handler list. So let's just return true. Otherwise, this means that there's more handlers in the sequence. So let's just call the next handler in the sequence and then call its handle form method. In case you're wondering why it's returned, it's because every one of these handle form methods is supposed to return a tuple, which is a string containing a message and a Boolean indicating whether we have successfully gone through the validation checks or not. So that's why every time we return, we're either returning true or a false condition. So as a result, whenever we call the next handler in a sequence, we are we're always returning some value, which is whatever the result of this handle form method is. All right, so we've gone through two out of three of our handlers. So next we have the fees handler right here. So if a fees handler, I think all we're doing is to see if the person has paid their fees. So again, all this handle form stuff, all this is the same. We're just overriding the handle form method. And the only check that we're having is we're seeing if they have paid their fees in the form. Pay their fees via the form. So if they have paid their fees, so we do the same thing. So if we are the last hand in the sequence, then we're going to return true. Otherwise, that means we're not the last handler in the sequence. So let's call the next handlers handle form method. And then we also have the failure case. If they happen to not pay their fees, then we're going to return this application fees not paid message along with the false Boolean. So that's it for the handlers. And now we have the enrollment system itself. So the purpose of the enrollment system is it's responsible for actually instantiating every single one of our handlers, which is done here. Then it's going to set up the chain of our handlers. Or in other words, how these handlers are going to be pointing at each other. So let's again, let's try to visualize this. So it's a little bit easier. Whoops. I'll run that one. I'm a system. Okay. So I want to go into paint. And then I kind of drew the similar diagram earlier. Let's just do this again. So I'm going to create a bunch of squares. One, two, three squares. So each of these are representing one of the handlers. So here we have, we're creating an instance of our course handler. So this square will be our course. Course handler. And then the bottom right here is going to be our student validation handler, student validation handler. That's way too big. There we go. And then the final one is going to be the fees handler fees handler. Okay. So after we've executed these three lines of code, we now have three handlers floating around in memory. And the next thing we have to do, we have to set the order in which these handlers are going to be passing information around to each other. So that's what we're calling this part. So this is seeing for our course handler, the next handler in the sequence after that is going to be the student validation handler. So after executing this code, we are going to be connecting the course handler to the student validation handler. So we're pretty much making a connection like that. And then for the student validation handler, the next handler, the sequence after that is the fees handler. So it looks like this. This is how the flow goes. And then we're doing a little bit, something a little bit tricky here. This is not part of the pattern, but something to make our lives a little bit easier. We're going to create some new variables. That's going to keep track of the head of the chain and the middle of the chain. So just to add a little bit more to this, let's say we have a head and then middle. Some extra variables here. So this is the head and the middle. And all these are doing is they're also pointing at our handlers themselves. So this first one is seeing that our head and the chain is pointing to course handler. So this one's pointing at course handler. And then the middle and the chain is pointing at student validation handler. So this is just to show us that the chain of responsibility is very flexible because we can have the chain of these requests occur at any point in this chain. We can have it point at the beginning by the head or we can have it point in the middle somewhere down here. And I'll show you that later on when we run some examples. But this is what we're setting up visually in our system. Maybe this is a better look right now. Okay, cool. So then we have our enrol method. So just so you know, this is all in our initializer for the enrollment system. So whenever we pick an instance of it, we create the handlers, connect them all up, and then now we're ready to go. So then we have our enrol method. This is the method we're going to call to actually begin the process of validating an application form. So you see then here we have a few parameters. So first is our enrollment application form. And then second is some skip course validation on Boolean. So this allows me to skip some steps if I want to. So given a specific form, let's see what happens. So this is our Boolean saying that if we're going to be, if we're not going to be skipping validation, then we're going to start our calls, from the head of the chain. So remember, the head of the chain is over here. So it means that we're going to start our validation from the course handler, then the student validation handler, then fees handler. Otherwise, if we do want to skip the course validation, we're going to start our calls from the middle of the chain. So in that case, we're going to skip, we're going to skip course handler, and we're going to start from the middle, So, middle is currently pointing at student validation handler, and then it's going to go to fees handler. So, again, that's not part of the pattern, but just to show you you can start from anywhere. And finally, at the very end, recall that handle form returns a message plus a Boolean true or false. So, this part is saying, let's check the true or false Boolean. And if it's true, then we're going to print out all the courses that the student is currently enrolled in. Otherwise, it means something has happened, so we have a false Boolean. So, we're going to print out the message. So, result 0 is the message, the error message, that that has occurred. And that's going to be our enroll method. All right, so then let's start by looking at the main method. So, here we're going to create our student account in our enrollment form. So, for our student account, we're going to initialize it with this information, Zorak, age 25, student number, and the program. And then in the enrollment form, this is the form they follow online. So, they're filling it up with all the proper information. So, Zorak, name, student number, this is the list of courses that they want to enroll in. And then we're going to pass in the student account that we're linking the enrollment form to. So, the student account here matches the student account. And then I forgot what the true was. Let me just double check back up to the enrollment form. The true was, okay, it was the if they've paid their enrollment fees. And then the school year is 20 last one. So, this is saying they've paid their enrollment fees and they're enrolling for 2020. All right, so then we have our student account and enrollment form. So, now we have everything we need to begin our program. So, the first thing we do is we're going to instantiate an enrollment system. And then after the enrollment system is created, we're going to pass in our enrollment form. And then that's it. That's going to then automatically run our form through our entire chain of handlers. So, let me just run the code because most of those commented out for now and see what happens. Let's run this one. And let's kind of try to trace through so the first thing we're printing out is our create form right here. So, we create our student account and form. And then we are initializing our enrollment system. So, in our enrollment systems initializer right here, it prints out setup handlers. So, that's done right here. So, in there, what it does is we're going to initialize all our handlers, which we see right here, these three boxes. And then we're setting up all the links between all the boxes. So, that's all these different little arrows. And then we're ready to go. So, now we call our enroll method. So, let's trace through what's happening in there. Okay, so in our enroll method, we pass in the enrollment form. And then I believe initially we didn't want to skip the validation. So, this should be false. So, if we're not skipping validation, then we're going to call this code right here. So, this is saying let's begin our handler sequence from the head. So, right now our head is pointing at course handler. So, what this code is saying is saying let's call the handle form method in the course handler class. So, let's go to the handle form method in our course handler class. So, if I go all the way up to course handler, where was our course handler? One second. Course handler. Check course offerings. Yeah, there you go. Check course. Okay, cool. So, we're inside of this method currently. And then what if the first thing it does is it's going to print out checking course offerings, which we see here. So, then it's going to do all this code. It's going to go through all the courses. Check to see if the years are all good. And then I think all the years are good. So, then it's going to go to this if check. And so, this is saying if there is no next handler in the sequence, then return true. But we see here for the course handler via this arrow that there is another handler in a sequence. So, it's going to execute this landing code here. So, what's happening here is we're calling self.next handler, which is student validation handler, handle form. So, now we've pat we've finished executing this code. And now we're going to be executing code inside of this class. So, let's go to our student validation handler, which was I think goes this one. So, we're now in the handle form method of our student validation handler code. So, in here we see that we're printing out validating student data, which is there. It goes through this information to check the student name IDs are valid. As far as I know, it is valid. So, then we execute this landing code here. So, we look at the next handler in this current class. So, currently the next handler is pointing at the fees handler. So, we call the handle form method in the fees handler class. So, now we're in the fees handler class. So, let's go to there. Where is my fees handler class? fees handler right here. So, now we're in the handle form method of the fees handler class. So, then we're printing out this one checking if application fee was paid. And from whatever call it was true that the application was paid. So, now we're in this if statement. So, this is saying if self.next handler does not exist. So, notice here fees handler is not pointing. So, we don't have an arrow pointing at another handler, which means that fees handler is now the last handler in the sequence. So, what happens then is we then call this code right here. So, we return an empty message and true. So, now we're going to pop back out back up the chain. So, now we have to go back out to I think it was the student validation handler first. So, so we're kind of going back up the chain. Yes. So, we're we're now back up here in the student validation handler. So, what we're returning on the statement is the empty string and true. So, just to clarify. So, after we called this method, we're effectively just returning this. We're just returning this result here. Empty string and then true. So, we return empty string and true. Back out. Sorry, there's too many arrows. We're returning this back out to the course handler. So, if we go back to check course offerings handler, that is on this line right here. This also returns the empty string and true. And this then returns that back out to whatever client is at their very end. So, if we go back all the way out to the enrollment system, that should be on this line right here. So, result here is going to get the value of empty string and true. So, here when we get on this line, the result equals this thing. So, when we check index one, one is has a value of true. So, this statement is true and we execute the for loop. So, that's how you see here. It's printing out all these different courses because this for loop will print out all the courses if the results of going through all the handlers is true. So, let me just reverse this paint diagram and then that is it. So, that's the end of this system. So, hopefully that made sense. It wasn't too too bad. Now, I want to go over some situations where we have some incorrect data. So, this first one was when we had correct data. I want to show an example of incorrect data. So, here the incorrect data that we have, let's see. So, just looking at this, I think it's something to do with the student's name or ID or something. Yeah, I think it was their student number. So, A0, 2, 3, 5, 3, 2, and here you see it's much longer. If I bring them both into focus, see the student IDs don't match. So, we're doing this on purpose to show you that our system can actually capture if our student information isn't matching for some reason. So, let's run through this and see what happens. So, you see that when I run the program, it does print out this message student cannot be validated. But, let's see why that's happening. I'll try to run through this a little bit quicker this time, though. Okay, so we create this enrollment form with some incorrect student ID data. And it's still pointing to the same student account that we had earlier. So, we pass in our enrollment form into our enroll method. So, then in our enroll method, we take in our form. And again, I think we're just starting from the beginning of the chain. So, first thing we do is the course handler is going to check if if the courses are all fine for the student. So, if we go to the course handler, handle form, it prints out checking course offerings right here. And it goes through all these course offerings and it looks like everything is fine. So, then it's going to reach this line of code to call the next handler in the sequence. So, the next handler in the sequence is our student validation handler. So, let's go to go to that code, go to the student validation handler, currently in the handle form method there. We print out validating student data. And then recall from before that the student IDs weren't matching. So, we're going to see that the forum dot student ID is equal to this one right here. Yes, this one right here. And then the actual student accounts student ID is this one right there. And because they don't match, because they don't match on this one, this if statement is going to evaluate to false. So, then we're going to hit this L statement where we're going to return this. So, we see that the student cannot be validated. And then the Boolean returns his false as well. So, then so we're on this stage in our chain. So, once we hit this return statement, we're going to now go back. We're going to go back up. So, we go back up to the course handler. The course handler, where was it? I think it was this one. So, we return back up the course handler, and then we're returning this same message right here. And then that in itself is going to return that statement back out to the client somewhere. So, our client, which is our enrollment form, gets the message over here. So, this method call evaluates to this one. So, then because this is now the new message, result is equal to this. And then so, currently, if we look at result one, result one is false. So, that means we're going to print out result zero. And result zero is the string. So, that's why it prints out. Student cannot be validated right here in the output. I think that's it for this error case. So, hopefully that shows you how we're successfully handling some incorrect validations that happen in our form. And then the final thing I wanted to show you is that one of the beauties of this pattern is we can reorder. We don't have to start from the head every time in this sequence. We can start from the middle, let's say. So, then in this final scenario, what I'm doing is I want to start our validation checks from somewhere else in a handler. And the way I'm doing that is I'm providing an enrollment form that has all the proper data. But when I call my enrollment method, I'm going to pass in a Boolean true. So, that Boolean true gets passed into here, which allows me to skip the course validation step. So, we see that when we have this Boolean to true, we're going to execute this line of code here. And if we look at what's happening is we're calling the middle chain handler. So, if we look at our middle chain handler, notice that in this case, this middle chain handler is beginning our handling sequence from the student validation handler instead of the course handler. So, if I just run this, you'll see that we're missing the course validation step at the beginning. We're directly validating the student first. Then we're checking if their fees were paid, which is one of this line. And then finally, the result of this is a true statement. So, then we print out all the courses and the variant. Yeah, so that was a pretty in-depth look at the chain of responsibility design pattern.