 Alright, so let's finally get into multiple inheritance. And I'd say this is a very sensitive subject because multiple inheritance has a lot of issues that can arise and will spend a lot of times like she're talking about them and how to fix them. But first of all, let's introduce the concept to you. Multiple inheritance as name implies is when you have one child class that inherits from one or more base classes and this allows us to have the functionality from all the other base classes. And in a class diagram format, it looks like this. Here we have three classes. We have a base class A, a base class B, and then we just have a child class C that is going to be inheriting from both of them. And in general, my advice is you should avoid it where it's possible because there are typically alternatives to using multiple inheritance and generally they're typically simpler and they're safer to use. And in fact, many languages don't even support multiple inheritance because of the fact that it's so hard to use. That being said, it is a feature and it is possible in Python. So definitely use it responsibly. And if you do try to keep it as simple and minimal as possible. So in Python code, how you perform multiple inheritance is a following. You have your class keyword here. C is the child class that we want to implement and then inside of our parentheses, where we normally have our inheritance code for our parents, we just have the name of our first parent, with the comma, and the name of the second parent. And at that point, you're going to inherit all the functionality from both of the parents A and B. So all of the rules of inheritance apply here. And multiple inheritance is usually the tool of choice when we want to implement multiple interfaces. So if you recall from a while ago, when we talked about the solid principles, one of the principles was the interface segregation principle. And we'll go through that briefly as probably the safest and best use case for multiple inheritance. But once again, the rule of thumb is that if you think you need to use multiple inheritance, you're probably wrong. Meaning if you think possibly that you need to use multiple inheritance, that you probably should go with a different solution. But if you know definitely that you need to use multiple inheritance, then you're probably right. OK, so let's go through the probably simplest form of multiple inheritance, which we've gone through before, and simplest, but probably also the safest. And that's when you want to have multiple inheritance where you have a subclass that inherits from multiple interfaces. And hopefully you remember this example from a while ago, where we were trying to model a zoo. And in this zoo, we had an animal-based class. And then in that animal-based class, originally I wanted to give all animals the ability to walk, swim, breathe, eat, and fly. But the issue was that not all types of animals can fly. So humans can't fly, whales can't fly, dress can't fly. And then if we put all that functionality in the animal interface, then that's forcing all of the subclasses to have functionality that they don't need. So the solution that we came across is using the interface segregation principle. And this principle is stating that if you have functionality that some of your subclasses don't need, instead of putting them all into one giant interface, let's just take that functionality out into separate interfaces. So what we've done here is that the animal interface itself still has the ability to eat, breathe. But the ability to walk and swim and fly are separated out into separate interfaces. So we see a separate walkable interface here, sumble, and flyable interface. So all the functionality is ripped out of animal and put into separate individual interfaces. So what that allows us to do is that only the animals that need those abilities will inherit from them. So humans can, in this case, humans can walk and swim so they will be able to inherit from the walk interface and the swim interface as well. But the humans will not inherit from the fly interface. And then each of the animals, depending on their abilities, will inherit from only the interfaces that they need. So what that looks like in code is that the walkable interface will be some inherit from the abstract base class. They will have a walk method, which is also going to be an abstract method. And it's because it's an interface, we're going to have pass to indicate that it's going to be empty. Same idea for the swim, a swimble, that will also inherit from the abstract base class. I'll just fix this slide right now. So it's very clear. So we will also inherit from ABC. So it's also abstract. And that has a swim function. And then finally, when we actually finally see multiple inheritance is we have our human class. The human class will inherit from the animal interface to inherit the, I think it was breathing and eating functionality. And they also inherit from the walkable and swimble interface. So we get the walk and swim functions that we are going to override.