 So the next structural design pattern is the bridge. And the funny thing about the bridge pattern is that chances are you've done this yourself in code you've written before, where you probably have had a giant class and you're thinking, hey, I want to break this giant class down into maybe two separate classes. And then when you do that, you want some way to communicate between them. So you just create a reference from one class to another class. So all we're doing now is giving a proper name to that design pattern that you've probably already already written before. So as I've already kind of mentioned already, this specific design pattern focuses on splitting a large class with a bunch of related components to it into separate hierarchies, separate class hierarchies. And the way that we do this is we conceptually separate out our giant class into two different parts. And we call these different parts an abstraction, one hierarchy is called the abstraction part. And then the other class hierarchy is called the implementation part. So I don't mean abstraction and implementation in the object-oriented sense. It's more of a from a design sense. And it'll make more sense once I get into an example. So imagine that I want us to create a program where we can represent a shape that has a color. And let's say that we have a shape class which can be further specialized into circles and squares. But then for these shapes, I also want the ability to have different colors so we can have red and blue, let's say. So just from this example, we have four different classes. We have a circle class, a square class, right class, and a blue class. So four classes. And then we might try to represent it in this kind of structure. So at the very top level, we have a very generic shape interface. And then we have our four separate classes, each representing all the different combinations of our shapes and colors. We have red circle, red square, blue circle, and blue square. So this isn't too bad. We only have four classes. It's not too bad. But let's say we want to add another shape to this. Let's say we want to add a triangle to this. So then we will have to add two extra classes over here that are a red triangle and then red square. And then let's say later on, I ask you, hey, what if we add another color? Let's say we want to add the green color. Then we want to go back and add even more classes. So you have to have red circle, red square, green square, green circle, green triangle. So this hopefully you can see that this kind of starts to explode very, very quickly. If we try to implement this shape and color design with this inheritance hierarchy. So we've already kind of mentioned this that if we add a new shape or color, then this specific hierarchy grows very, very quickly. And as it grows, it's going to get really, really hard to maintain because there's so many classes, maybe code duplication here and there. So let's bring in our bridge design pattern. And what this bridge design pattern is focusing on is let's think of, let's think of this shape and color concept in a different way. Let's use composition and the list of substitution principle to help us figure out a different way that we can organize our classes. So let's think of it like this where we want to separate the concept of color and shape into their own separate hierarchy. So in this diagram, the concept of a shape is completely independent over here in this side of our hierarchy. So we have shape that's focusing only on the shape. So we have circles and squares. And then over here we have a separate hierarchy that's only focusing on colors. So we have our color interface and then our actual color, concrete color classes. So blue and then red. And then at some point we do need to link these two separate hierarchies together so we can have blue, blue shapes and red shapes and all these different colored shapes. So the way that we do that is that within our shape classes, we're going to have some kind of pointer to our color hierarchy. And then so let's just bring this back to when we talk to about rappers. Remember every single design pattern that we're talking about today is still using this concept of a rapper. So in reality what's happening is this shape hierarchy is wrapping around a color hierarchy. So if we approach our design problem with this, then it becomes much easier to add new colors and shapes to our program without exponentially expanding things. So if you wanted to add a green color, let's say all we have to do is create a new green class, then here's some color, and then any of these shapes are not affected at all by that new green class. So this makes it much more maintainable. So I'm going to get a little bit philosophical for you in terms of how we came about designing this approach. If we really think about it, a shape in this specific system has two dimensions to it or two kind of properties to it. There's the visual aspect of it, so the actual physical shape of itself, and you can philosophically think of this as a higher level entity, just a concept of a shape. And then we say that to fully finalize and realize this concept of a shape, we need to implement it by its color. And just you know, this is completely arbitrary. You could have completely gone the other direction. You could have gone like the color is the the high level abstract component. And then shape is the lower level implementation part. This is where this design pattern gets a little bit kind of wishy-washy, but as long as you're consistent with your design, then it's okay. So in this specific example, we just decided arbitrarily that shape is our high level, quote unquote, abstract part of our design. And then that abstract part is going to wrap around our implementation, our final implementation of it, which we've decided to be the color. So let's look at some code and maybe it'll give us more understanding of what's actually happening. So my code is going to be implementing this specific shape and color example.