 So this is the video for the simple decorator code. And what we're doing is we're going to implement our doughnut example, where we have a central doughnut object, and we're going to add toppings on top of it. And that's going to be done using the decorator design pattern. So in this case, if I pop over to the code, we're going to start by implementing the component. So all the component is, this is just our interface that's going to represent eventually our base object that we want to add things to. So notice that our component just has an execute function, and the concrete component also just has an execute function. So our example of it in the code is that we have a component that is an abstract base class, and then our execute function we're calling it description, in this case, because we want our doughnuts to describe what they are. And then our concrete implementation of doughnuts is our wheat doughnut. So we don't it inherits from component. And then we have our description. In this case, all it does is return what it is. So in this case, this is a wheat doughnut, so it just returns wheat doughnut. And I have a second one, which is a rice doughnut. So this is also inherits from component, and just returns that it's a rice doughnut. So the next part of the diagram is our base decorator right here. So this one's a little tricky when we first understand what's happening, because this base decorator, this actually inherits from our component. The reason we want to do that is we want all these things to inherit from the base component, so that we can actually create this linked list, because a linked list can only point to each other if they're at the same class. So that's why we need the concrete component to be of component class. And that's what we also need the base decorator to also be of the component class. Next thing we need is the base decorator needs a way to actually point to the next link in the chain, the next decorator, the next component. So that's how we have this wrap E component in there. So ultimately this decorator is just going to be wrapping around another decorator or component. Then we have an execute function and a constructor that takes in a component. So this component that it takes in is going to be the object that we're going to wrap around. So in the code, we have our decorator. And as we mentioned, it has to inherit from the component apperent. And then notice that in the init, all it does is it takes in the component that we want to wrap around. And we're just going to make our instance variable point to that. So this is like a linked list pointer to the object that we want to wrap around. So then we just have to create all of our concrete decorators. So let's create all of our actual toppings in this case. So sprinkles, this is our topping and also our first concrete decorator. So notice that we inherit from our decorator. And then we just have to, we're also going to inherit from this init, which is great. I'll have to write all of our init. And then the other key component to this design pattern is all of the components and decorators have to have the same function name. So let's scroll up very quickly. Notice that in all these other components, the others have this description function right there. So the decorators themselves also have to have the same description function name. The reason is we're going to have these behave like a linked list, where we're going to call the next link in the chain, and then blindly call its description function. So what's all that's happening here is that in this description function, I'm going to call the next component that I'm pointing to, and then blindly call its description function, and then add whatever new information that I want to add. So in this case, the new information I want to add is that this is the sprinkles and toppings. And then for the rest of the concrete decorators, it's the same thing. So for the gummies, they also inherit from decorator. They're going to blindly call whatever the next component in the list is, and then add gummies to it. And then chocolate decorator will also then blindly call whatever it's pointing at, and then get its description, and then I'm going to pen chocolate to that. So then down in our actual main code, here we're going to actually instantiate everything. So we start off by instantiating our base-based donut components. So these are the core components right there. First of all, we instantiate our wheat donut and our rice donut, and then we print them out. So just run this quickly. You see there's nothing going on there. They just call their base-based descriptions. So if I look at wheat donut description, this calls the description within the component class, which is the wheat donut right here, and you have description. So I print so we don't it and see my dea for the rice donut, print so it rice donut. So then when I uncomment this cover. What I'm doing is this is the first time I'm going to instantiate a decorator. So I want to create a decorator object, and then for that decorator object, I want to wrap that around my wheat donut. So how we can kind of think of it mentally is that originally we started off with our wheat donut right here. And so now I've created a sprinkles donut object, which is the S. But now that sprinkles donut object internally has a reference or pointer to my wheat donut. So my sprinkles internally is pointing to wheat donut. And then I'm going to add a second topping to my wheat donut. In this case, I'm going to add some gummies to it. So then what happens there is that question mentioned this first. So after I do this sprinkles wheat donut call, the object I get back is actually a sprinkles object. But because the sprinkles object is the same type as my wheat donut, they're both the component type. I can assign this whole thing back to the wheat donut itself. So I think of this wheat donut. This is just a pointer to a component type. So that's how we can kind of keep assigning all these different types back to the original wheat donut. So when we go to this stage, we'll be say gummies wheat donut, what's actually happening is that we're passing in, we're passing in this whole thing. This whole thing is wheat donut variable, we're passing then that whole thing into gummies. So now you can see that the gummies is actually pointing to this whole object right here, which is the wheat donut with sprinkles. And it's forming this kind of chain that's happening right here. So you have your gummies that internally is pointing to these sprinkles. And the sprinkles internally is pointing to the wheat donut. And then this whole object in the end, once again, because gummies is also a parent of component, we're just assigning it back to the wheat donut. So just keep in mind that this wheat donut variable name, this is actually just a pointer to the gummies. Even though the name is called wheat donut, this is a pointer to the gummies. So then this is the same thing for rice donut, except that in this case, we're adding three separate toppings. So then when we run this program again, we can see that for this printout right here, we added gummies and sprinkles to it. That's how we have this output wheat donut and sprinkles and gummies and rice donut. I print so these ones. So I kind of run through why that's happening. I wonder if the bugger will help us out the most. Okay. So we're stuck on this line. And then so remember at this point, the chain of events that's happened right now is that wheat donut right here. This is actually a pointer to gummies. So this is the actual structure that we're dealing with. So wheat donut here is actually a pointer to the gummies object here. So then when I jump into description, I'm going to step into this, the debugger. You see right away that I jumped into the description of the gummies object right there. So the gummies object itself wants to execute this first line, which is. I want to call this comment object and then call a component object sorry. And then call the components object description function. So at this point, the component object is pointing at sprinkles. So this component object is actually sprinkles. So if I jump into the description here, I pressed step into. So you can see we're now in the sprinkles object. So the same idea. In this case, the sprinkles is pointing to the wheat donut. So this component is actually wheat donut. So again, let's step into that as well. So you see that finally we're in the wheat donuts description object. And finally we were not stepping into any more classes at this point. We're just going to return. So then we're going to start returning. So I'm going to step out of this function. So at this point, I'm going to return wheat donut. So this whole code right here, that's replaced with wheat donut. And then we're going to execute the rest of this line, which is and sprinkles. So we're going to return the string wheat donut and sprinkles here. So we step up one more. So then we're back in the gummies. So then this says this whole description. This says wheat donut and sprinkles. And then we're going to add on and gummies over here in the end. So then when we return from this statement and we actually execute it. You can execute it cuts the bug mode. I just ran it again. We have wheat donut and sprinkles and gummies. So hopefully you see that by calling this first function, it's a linked list that keeps calling deeper and deeper and deeper into the next linked list. Until there's no more links in the chain, then it just returns back up the chain and provides us with this output. So that is the decorator, Zampyre and inaction.