 Hey, class, I wanted to make a short video to help you in your installation step. And I didn't mention this part in the actual lab file, so I'm just going over it in the video. So let's say you have successfully installed Python 3.9, you have PyCharm installed, and this is the first time that you've loaded up PyCharm. And you want to create a new project. So typically you could have file and then new project. And then this pop up will appear. Now by default, what's going to happen is that PyCharm is going to make you select new environment equals to virtual environment. And we don't want that because if you try to create a virtual environment, it'll do this very long loading phase every time you create a new project. And it gets kind of annoying. So instead, we want to choose an existing interpreter instead. So make sure you click on this dial. Maybe the naming is a bit different. It might be called previously chosen interpreter or something, but you want to click on something along those lines. And then after that, this area will probably be empty for you. So then you want to click on the three little dots over here. After you click that, then you want to click to make sure you're using the system interpreter. And then now up in here, notice that there's no interpreter. So then we have to click once again on this next set of three little dots. And what that'll do is it'll open up a system explorer to choose where our Python interpreter is installed. So in this case, my Python interpreter is installed somewhere in my user's folder. And if I expand it, I'm looking for a folder called app data. But the problem is by default, app data is hidden. So we have to right click any folder doesn't really matter which folder. And make sure you select show hidden files and directories. So I'm going to click on that one and you'll see these kind of a little bit great out folders. Those are the folders that were kind of hidden. So navigate to wherever you installed Python. By default, Python is installed somewhere in your user's folder. So my user is here. And then let me just try to find it. It's in this app data folder. Notice it's a little bit great out to show that it's a hidden folder. So we expand app data. And then I think it was local. And then inside of local, there should be a program. It's a password folder. So programs folder, expand that one. And then here's Python. So open up Python. And I have a bunch of Python interpreters installed. So this time we're going to try to go with 3.9. So I'm going to select Python 39. Expand that. And then we're going to look for this Python.exe file. So click OK. And at that point, you've successfully selected the Python 3.9.exe folder. And your exe to be your actual Python interpreter. So then we hit OK. And then for me, for some reason, it's still showing up as the name 3.8. But you can see over here, it's actually pointing at Python 3.9, which is perfectly fine. So then at this point, make sure you have the existing interpreter selected. And then you just name your location folder, whatever you want. I'll call mine. Let's say test folder. And then we just click on create. So then when we hit create, this just says, where do you want to open up this project? I'm going to say this window. And then right away, we have an empty test folder. So that's how you set up your interpreter. This next little bit is just to help you with some common issues. So let's say I want to create my Python files. So then in our lab, I want you to create a whole bunch of different folders, one for each lab, each assignment. So let's say I create a new lab folder. Let's say directory and I call it lab one. And then in lab one, let's say we were doing some programming exercise where I had to import different files. So I'm going to create some files. So make sure you create a Python file when you do want to create Python code. And then in this Python file, call it file one. And then this one, let's say I just print. I'm file one. And then in the next file, the new Python file, let's say file two in file two, I also want to print out high. I'm file two, but I also want to import file one. So import file one because there's something important in file one that I want. But notice something weird right away. So when you import a file, all you have to do is include the name of the file without the dot p y, which is what I'm doing here. It makes it look like there's an error happening. There's a red squiggly line. But if I run the file, sort of run Python files for the first time, just right click your file and then left click on run. And after that, you can just hit the play button here. But anyways, so notice it's actually working properly. It's properly importing the code from file one because you can see it's printing out high on file one that exists over here in file one. But for some reason, there's a squiggly line. So this is actually a false error line that's happening. It says no module name file one. So if you come across this, the way to fix it to make sure it's not annoying like this, it's just right click your top level folder that contains your files and then hover down to mark directory as sources root left click that. And then this squiggly line will disappear. I don't exactly know what's happening, but my guess is telling Python that these files belong to this main folder. So therefore, it's going to import. It's going to know where to import your files. So hopefully this helps you solve some of your initial setup issues.