 Alright, so we're going to be checking out the mediator sample code. If you want to get some information about what's actually happening in this example, refer back to the first design patterns lecture. So generally what's happening is I want to model this system where there's a traffic light. And in this traffic light system, there are three separate buttons. There's a red, yellow, and green button. And each of them, when pressed, are going to change the traffic light to that specific color. So after also an addition to that, there's going to be a car that when it sees a red light, it's going to stop. When it sees the green light, it's going to go. And when this yellow, nothing is going to happen to the car. And we're going to be implementing the mediator design pattern in this specific code. And what we're trying to really try to do is we're trying to make it so that each of these three classes, the button traffic light and the car, each of them don't directly communicate with each other. So I don't have the button calling traffic light. Traffic light doesn't call car. Instead, we're going to send messages from the button through our mediator. And then that message is going to be sent to traffic light. Traffic light is then going to send a message into mediator. That then is going to send a message to car. So we're using our mediator as a middle person that's going to take all of our messages and then no word to route all of our information. Okay. So actually, let's go back to the diagram first. First I want to show you our mediator interface right here. That's our abstract class. You notice there's not much inner code. So inner code, we just have our class mediator that inherits from abstract base class. And it has this abstract notify function. So it just takes in self sender. That is the component or object that wants to call our mediator and then quarks. The reason we're taking in quarks is that it allows us to pass in any number of parameters that we want, assuming our objects want to send information. Next thing we want to do is let's look at how we're going to create our button object. So button is one of the things in our code that wants to send information out. So for our button, all that does is it takes in a color, a light color. In this case, it's going to be a string, a red greener or yellow. And then the second parameter is the mediator. So all these components that are part of our mediator design pattern have to take in a reference to our mediator because we need to communicate back to the mediator at some point. So in this case, we just initialize our light color and the mediator. And then we have this on press function. So this is just the logic of whatever the button needs to do. So when a button is pressed, that is going to call the mediator's notify function. So we're saying, hey, mediator, I've been pressed and want to notify you to send message to somebody. I don't know who I'm going to send it to, but I want you to send message to somebody. So we call the notify function and we're passing in self. The reason we're passing in self is you want to notify the mediator that I the button and calling you. And then the second parameter is the light color that we want to pass. So that's the optional parameter that we want to pass. So we're saying that I'm a button and I'm passing you a color. The reason I'm passing the parameter as this format, light color equals self-delt light color is because if you look at our mediator function up here, it's taking in a quarks. So as a result, because it's taking in quarks, I have to send my parameters as named parameters instead. So the next thing, if I pop back to the slides, is where to implement the traffic light. So it's another object that's going to be communicating in our system. So in this case, our traffic light, again, traffic light, in this case, it just takes in the mediator and I just taken a text that says that this is a traffic light and then it has a separate function called display. So in this case, the traffic light is going to take in a light color and it's going to print out traffic light. So it's on name and then also the light of the color that was passed in. After that, it's then going to then notify the mediator that I the traffic light, I'm showing this color, I'm showing red, green, or yellow. And the next object is the car. The car is very, very simple. In fact, if you look at it, the car itself, it doesn't even need to talk to the mediator. So actually, this car is just a regular object. So it's an init. It needs to default self and it just says this car is doing something. That's the name of this object, this car is doing something. And then the function that it's going to do to perform some action is just action. So this function takes in a light color and then I just have some logic in here that says if the light color is equal to red, it's going to stop and then if the light color is green, then it's going to go. And that's it. And then finally, last bit, so we implemented all these classes here. So the final one is our concrete mediator. So the concrete reader is where we're actually going to instantiate all of our objects. And also, where we're going to hook up all the communication logic and what needs to talk to whatever object. So here we're instantiating our traffic light, all of our three buttons and we're specifically saying, are passing in the string, red, yellow, and green for the different buttons. And then we're instantiating the car. And then I'm going to have an infinite loop that lets us keep pressing buttons. So I just have a Boolean that's going to allow me to exit my infinite loop. And then I have this execute function that's going to be where the main logic that allows me to show my screen and call my different functions are at. So all this is doing is it's an infinite while loop. And it's going to present to me a menu that allows me to press the different lights, the red, yellow, green lights, and then also giving the option to exit the program. So then here, depending on if I hit one, two, three, or something else, then I'm going to call the specific action button on all of my buttons. So notice that if I have choices one, I'm going to press the red buttons on press function, yellow on press function, green on press function. So this is the way for us to activate all the buttons to do something. And then we have the actual important part of the pattern, which is a notify function. So this is where we're actually going to hook up which object can call other objects. This is where actually routing our messages. So what happens is that this notify function is called by every one of my objects when they need to send a message. So my traffic light and my button are going to send messages to notify. So this sender is actually either a button or a traffic light. And this this quarks can be any parameters that my sender is happening to send. So my logic is saying that if the sender is a type of button, so whether it's a red, yellow, or green button, then I want the sender button to actually call the traffic light. So I want to send messages from the buttons to the traffic lights. So that's why I have this code saying that if the sender is button, then I want to call traffic light. So in that case, I was specifically calling traffic lights display function and then going to pass in any parameters that the yellow, the buttons are sending. And then the second part is if the sender happens to be a traffic light, then I want the traffic light to communicate with the carbs. So then if the sender happens to the traffic light, then we're going to have the logic to call the cars to do something based on whatever parameters I'm passing in. So in the main, that's pretty much it. So in the main, we were just instantiating our concrete pediter. So you can kind of think of our mediator as the controller of this entire program. It instantiates all of our objects. It sets up all the communication between them and this now we're just calling it to run. So I instantiate my mediator and then call it to execute. So let's give it a run and let's go through a few examples. So when I run it and I call it execute, then we enter this main portion of the code, right, execute right here. It's going to print out the menu. So you see the menu is available on screen here. And then it's just waiting for me to provide some input. So in this case, I want to start by setting all the lights to red. So I'm going to hit one. This is the lights are red. So when I hit one and hit enter, we have this output, but I want to trace through what's actually happening. So and you see what's happening is that when you get the choice of one, I call the code that the red button has been pressed. So let's go to our button class and go to the pressed function. So in my button class, I'm specifically calling the red button. I call the pressed. So imagine that right here. And the red is dealing with the red button. So the red button has the light color set to red. So the button has the light color equal to the string red. So what happens is that when we call the on press function, we're just going to notify the mediator that a button has been pressed. And I'm going to be passing in the string red. So then let's pop into the notify function. So the notify function of the concrete mediator. Notice that here we're passing in the red button. And then for the quarks, I'm also passing in the string red. So then if I do this if statement, my sender is a red button. So it's true here. And we're going to call the traffic light. And we're going to call the traffic light display function and pass in all the quarks. So then let's go to the traffic lights display function. Let's go to the traffic light. Display function. We get pass in the light color here. So this is still the red. So that's why when we print out traffic light red, we get this output right there. So after traffic light gets its message, it prints out traffic like red. Then the traffic light needs to send a message to the mediator. So traffic light will send a message to the mediator again with the color red. The difference this time though is I'm sending myself a traffic light. So that's different from before where we're passing in and button. So then we go back to our notify function. So in this case, sender is now a traffic light. And the quark is going to be red. And then the sender here matches traffic light instead. So in this case, now we're going to call the cars action function with our red variable parameter. So let's go to cars action function. Cars action function right here. It takes in the color red. So because the light color is red, it's going to print out stopping. So that's why you see here. Car is stopping. And that ends the flow of the notify, notify calls to notice the car here. It's not calling notify of the mediator. So then at this point, because we're in an infinite loop, we've now finished the code over here. So then we're finished out here and then we loop back to the beginning of this while loop and then we enter the next phase of this while loop. So I can do a bunch of other things. I can test it out for the yellow light. So I set it up so that the car does not respond to yellow lights. So if I put on a yellow light, you can see that the traffic light says it's yellow, which is great, but the cars don't respond to yellow. So that's why we don't have any output. And then when we go with green light, then traffic light says green. And the cars do respond to green. So then they hit the going. And then finally, let's just exit the program and we're done. So there you go. That is the example of the mediator pattern. I showed you a much more complicated one of the weeks back, but hopefully this simplified one gives you a first introduction to it. So if you understand how this one works, definitely go back to the more complicated mediator pattern we showed earlier.