 Hey, glass. So I got a question asking about UML diagrams. And I think it's specifically asking about class diagrams where we're not really sure when we use the different types of arrows, specifically the association dependency composition and aggregation arrows because they're all seem kind of similar. The purpose of this video is to review those concepts and hopefully clarify once and for all when to use each type of arrow. So what I've done is I've created this system where I'm trying to model a human and this human is using various devices. So what I'm trying to do is I have a human class right here, a foot class represent a foot that belongs to a human, a computer class, a phone class, and two children, iPhone and Android. So two subtypes of phones. And I've modeled it over here in my incomplete UML diagram on the right side. So each of these boxes or squares represents each of my classes that we've just gone over. And we want to fill in the arrows. So the first thing we do is we have to figure out let's start with the simplest one, which is the dependency arrow. So that's that dashed arrow that looks like this one, it's like dash dash dash and then an arrow. That's the one. So let's figure out that one because that's probably the easiest one to know. So we use the dependency arrow whenever you have a class, use another class or object, but we don't contain it within ourself. So what I mean with that is that in this function, our human is going to compute on a computer. So they're going to use another class or object called computer and then do something with it. So notice here that in this method, computer on computer, I'm taking in a parameter computer and then I'm calling that computer to do something and then I pass myself as a human to it to do something and then we're done. So notice that at no point in time, do I save computer into the human class? So I never say something like self dot underscore computer equals computer. Because whenever I have self dot, that means I want to save this thing into a member variable as part of my human class. So I never do that. So whenever you find yourself in the situation where you use a method or initializer or something that uses a parameter or maybe a static static class or static method uses it for some behavior and never saves it. And then that's called a dependency. So in this case, this would be a dependency. So we say that the human class is dependent on the computer to do something. So on our diagram over here, we have our human class and we depend on computer down here. So all we have to do is we draw the dashed arrow. The mouse is kind of sticky. That's why it looks really ugly. But hopefully you get the idea that this is a dashed arrow from human to computer. And that's for dependency. Okay. So if we look at the rest of this code, it doesn't look like human is using another class anywhere else, but not saving it. So this doesn't look quite right. This is the only place that we use it. So we have one. We only have one dependency from human to another class. Okay. So then the next one is association. So association is the solid arrow. So if I were to draw that quickly, it looked like this, but this is a solid line. This is not dashed line. This is a solid line. I'll draw that later. So for the association scenario, let me just draw that. I think of association as a has a relationship. We use association whenever we say a class has another class or object inside of it. So that's where whenever we're saving an instance of some other class into our self as a member variable, then we use association. So in this case, what I'm saying is a human has a foot object as part of it because I'm saving this foot object into this self.foot member variable. See, my idea here, I say a human has a phone because a human is saving our phone object into my member variable self. underscore phone. So in both of these situations, I would say that the our associations association association here association here. So in our diagram, we have to go over here, look at our human class and we say that we have a human has a foot. So I would draw a solid arrow. I can't excuse my mouse because it's very finicky. A human has a foot. So it's a solid line arrow pointing from human, the owner of it to the destination. And then a human also has a phone. So let's draw another arrow from human to phone like that. So that's pretty good. So you can see that we have a dependency arrow here where human is going to use a computer, but we never save the computer in our self. But the human has a foot inside of his class because we're saving the foot and also has a phone inside of the class because we're saving the phone inside of human. Okay, so that should cover the dependency and association. And then the final one for now we're not done yet is the inheritance arrows. So down here, probably notice that iPhone Android aren't hooked up yet. So whenever you have a parent class phone and you need to relate it to the children, because in this case, the iPhone and Android are inheriting from the parent phone, then we need to have the inheritance arrows. So in this case, we always begin the arrow from the child and then make it point up to the parent. So in this case for Android, let's say we begin our line from Android to the iPhone. And then the arrow head is a bit different. This is going to be the open empty arrow head like that. And then same idea for the iPhone, the iPhone is a child of the phone. So we begin from the iPhone and then we make it point to the parent. So the child always points to the parent. There we go. So at this point, I would say this is a good first draft of our UML diagram. If you showed it, if you showed this to other developers, they would get a good understanding of what your trying, what your system is trying to say, your system is saying that you human is using a computer, your human is saving a foot and a phone inside of itself. And the iPhone and Android are child classes of phone. So it's pretty good. Okay. So now let's make it even better. And we're going to do that by bringing in the concepts of the composition and aggregation. Okay. So composition and aggregation are more specific versions of association. So just a reminder, association is used whenever we have a has a relationship or in other words, whenever we save our object into a member variable. That's association. Now association is very broad. So the creators of UML decided let's make a more specific version for association in different scenarios. So let's begin with, let's see what would be good one. Let's begin with composition first. Okay. So composition composition is a more specific version of association. And what composition is saying is it is a has a relationship. But it's more specific and it's saying that a human has a foot. And if we destroy the class that's containing our foot, then that foot must also be destroyed. So in other words, this foot object cannot exist if the human class gets destroyed or the human object gets destroyed as well. So it means there's a really tight relationship between the foot object and the human. And how we show that in the code is the following. Notice here that I'm actually creating an instance of foot in my initializer. So I'm creating my foot within this initializer. And then I'm saving it into my foot member variable. So that is composition. And how that looks is we have to change this diagram a little bit. Let me hopefully I can erase these properly without missing things up too much. Okay. So I'm going to change this one. So remember association was a solid line. So I'm just going to delete that for a bit. And now we're using the more specific version, which is the composition. Okay. So for composition, we use a different type of line, which is the black diamond. So in this case, the owner of the object begins with the black diamond. So human is the owner of the foot. So I'm going to create a black diamond. Oh, this is so hard to draw with just a mouse here. So that's a black diamond. Hopefully you can fill it out like that. Okay. And then this black diamond will then join all the way to the foot like that. So this is composition. This is saying that the foot is very tightly bound to the human. If the human object gets destroyed, then the foot cannot exist without it. So conceptually, that makes sense as well. Let's say us as humans, if I I disappear, my foot will probably disappear as well. Okay. So hopefully that that was clear in terms of what composition is. Now that's compared that to aggregation. So aggregation right here. In this case, it's still a has a relationship. So phone isn't is using has a aggregation relationship with human. And the reason we're saying that is because first, we're still have a has a relationship. So our human has a phone, which is correct because we're saving phone into a member variable. But notice one key difference. And that is the phone is not instantiated here in the initializer. The phone was instantiated outside somewhere else. So an aggregation relationship means that if the containing object gets destroyed. So if human gets destroyed, then the phone will still exist somewhere else in your code. Compare that to composition. If the human gets destroyed, then this foot also has to get destroyed. And it makes sense because I created the foot within the scope of my human. So therefore this foot gets destroyed. If the human gets destroyed. However, for the phone, I created the phone somewhere else. This this assignment here is just making it's just saying that phone is this self. Phone is referencing some phone that was created somewhere else. And I'll show you where else created. So if I scroll down into my main method. Here, I created the phone in the my main method. And then I happen to pass it down into my human. So what that means is that if my human gets destroyed, this phone object still exists because it was created outside the scope of my human. So hopefully that makes sense. And you know the difference between composition now and aggregation. So let's draw that in our diagram. And in this case, the symbol is again a diamond. But in this case, it is a white diamond. So I'm going to draw a whoops, it's going to be so hard for me. A white diamond. That is connected to the owner. So human owns the phone. So I start from the from the human. And I connect it to the phone right there. So there you go. So in this case, we see that a human has an aggregate relationship with the phone and a human has a compositional relationship with the foot. Yeah, so you might be wondering, how do you even decide this? So the reason I named these things phones and and foot and stuff like that was to try to link it to the real world. And I said earlier that if if I get destroyed as a human chance to start my foot will also get destroyed. But hopefully if I get destroyed as a human, my phone will drop out of my pocket and it'll still exist in the world. And this is completely arbitrary. It all depends on how you set up your code. So we very much could have set up the code so that my phone has a compositional relationship with my human instead. So to do that, I'll just take out the phone. I'll change the code a bit. I'll take out the phone and then I change this one to phone right here. And then by changing my phone inside by instant shooting my phone inside here, now this one becomes a compositional relationship composition relationship. And then by doing that, I'd have to fill in this diagram to be a black diamond instead. So right there like that. So now it's changed. So it's completely depends on how you designed your system. And that's the purpose of a Yomal diagram. The Yomal diagram is supposed to let me just revert this back. The Yomal diagram is supposed to visually show your intention, the intention of the design of your system. So as I wrote the system, my intention was for the phone to be created somewhere else. And then it's going to be passed to a human and then for the foot to be created inside the human. And it's going to be saved in here. And then so for me to express that this this kind of relationship to other people in a visual format, I write it like this. So now if someone else reads my code, this diagram is more has more detail than the previous association diagram. So this diagram just by looking at it, you can see, oh, because it's a black diamond, I know that the foot cannot exist if the human gets destroyed. And if I see the white, the white diamond, then I know, okay, this is an aggregate relationship so that the phone can exist outside the scope of human if the human gets destroyed. Yeah, so just so you know, you can use the association when we had before like that. Darn mouse. So that previous version we had before where we just had the arrows is perfectly fine. It's perfectly fine how we had it like this. And for the most part, I think a lot of developers would understand what you mean just by having this with this will surely has our relationship, but it doesn't quite have as much detail as if we use the aggregation and composition instead. So then you might ask, okay, what's the difference between association and composition? I would say there is really no difference. It's composition and aggregation are a more specific version of association. So hopefully that clarifies when to use which arrow and in what scenarios.